If this is how you learn market structure, you'll actually understand
structure, you'll actually understand all of the basics of market structure.
all of the basics of market structure. But the moment you go into the live
But the moment you go into the live chart, this is what do you see? A market
chart, this is what do you see? A market structure shift followed by a loss, and
structure shift followed by a loss, and this keeps happening, a loss after
this keeps happening, a loss after another despite having full
another despite having full understanding of the concept itself. But
understanding of the concept itself. But when you go to the live chart, it's a
when you go to the live chart, it's a different story. And after 8 years of
different story. And after 8 years of experience, let me tell you this that
experience, let me tell you this that this is something that's very normal. So
this is something that's very normal. So if you're struggling with this, then
if you're struggling with this, then make sure to watch the video until the
make sure to watch the video until the end because I'll give you a view of
end because I'll give you a view of seeing and identifying the market
seeing and identifying the market structure in a way that probably no one
structure in a way that probably no one ever teach you because everyone is
ever teach you because everyone is repeating the same thing, but they're
repeating the same thing, but they're not applying their understanding and
not applying their understanding and their method. Now the issue is that
their method. Now the issue is that market structure is very easy to
market structure is very easy to understand, so you can actually teach
understand, so you can actually teach break of structure, market structure
break of structure, market structure shift, and all of the conditions. You
shift, and all of the conditions. You can say that this is a ranging market,
can say that this is a ranging market, but it is impossible to apply. Instead
but it is impossible to apply. Instead of impossible, I'll be saying hard and
of impossible, I'll be saying hard and very difficult. So you're not alone in
very difficult. So you're not alone in this. A lot of people are struggling
this. A lot of people are struggling with market structure. And by the way,
with market structure. And by the way, if you want to have access to my
if you want to have access to my resources library, the indicators, video
resources library, the indicators, video slides, my trading view themes, and a
slides, my trading view themes, and a lot of other things, you'll have the
lot of other things, you'll have the link in the description. Feel free to
link in the description. Feel free to check it out. Now to understand market
check it out. Now to understand market structure, we have two conditions, two
structure, we have two conditions, two main formations that goes inside of the
main formations that goes inside of the market structure. The first one is we
market structure. The first one is we have a continuation, and then we have a
have a continuation, and then we have a reversal. There is nothing Now yeah, we
reversal. There is nothing Now yeah, we could have a ranging, but when it comes
could have a ranging, but when it comes to ranging, we're not trying to trade
to ranging, we're not trying to trade based on a range even though there are
based on a range even though there are some methods to trade ranges, but it's
some methods to trade ranges, but it's not on this video. So two things to
not on this video. So two things to focus on here, continuation and
focus on here, continuation and reversal, and both are valid, both can
reversal, and both are valid, both can be tradeable, and both can give you good
be tradeable, and both can give you good reward to risk. Now continuation, how do
reward to risk. Now continuation, how do you understand it? It's a break of
you understand it? It's a break of structure, or we can call it swing,
structure, or we can call it swing, meaning that what we're having is a
meaning that what we're having is a range, so price is going lower creating
range, so price is going lower creating a low and creating a high, and then
a low and creating a high, and then breaking below the last low. This could
breaking below the last low. This could be anything, but then after that because
be anything, but then after that because we're confirming that we're bearish
we're confirming that we're bearish here, what happened is a low, a high,
here, what happened is a low, a high, and then we break the low again. So what
and then we break the low again. So what is this? This is a confirmation that
is this? This is a confirmation that we're continuing in the same direction.
we're continuing in the same direction. That is price breaking lows when the
That is price breaking lows when the trend is going lower. That is what a
trend is going lower. That is what a break of structure is. Now for reversal,
break of structure is. Now for reversal, it's the opposite of this. It's when we
it's the opposite of this. It's when we are actually moving lower, and then we
are actually moving lower, and then we change to going higher for example. So
change to going higher for example. So reversal is identified by a market
reversal is identified by a market structure shift or weakness. Weakness
structure shift or weakness. Weakness means that we're not being able to
means that we're not being able to continue in the same direction anymore,
continue in the same direction anymore, and we can see it like this. So if you
and we can see it like this. So if you notice, what happened here is a break of
notice, what happened here is a break of structure, a break of structure, and
structure, a break of structure, and here we're supposed to continue lower,
here we're supposed to continue lower, and then respecting the high here. What
and then respecting the high here. What happened is not respecting the high. So
happened is not respecting the high. So what happened is a break of structure, a
what happened is a break of structure, a break of structure, and almost here you
break of structure, and almost here you could say a break of structure, but
could say a break of structure, but you'll learn in the next slides why this
you'll learn in the next slides why this is not a break of structure. We're going
is not a break of structure. We're going to be looking at the displacement rule.
to be looking at the displacement rule. We're supposed to respect the high here,
We're supposed to respect the high here, but we break above it. So now we're
but we break above it. So now we're changing from lower lows and lower highs
changing from lower lows and lower highs to actually breaking above the high, and
to actually breaking above the high, and now we're creating an uptrend instead.
now we're creating an uptrend instead. So that is the difference between
So that is the difference between continuation and reversal. The moment
continuation and reversal. The moment you understand this, you can put it
you understand this, you can put it together, and that's how you can see the
together, and that's how you can see the whole picture of the market structure.
whole picture of the market structure. So it's all pieces of these two
So it's all pieces of these two conditions. Now just to be clear,
conditions. Now just to be clear, everything I'm teaching here is just one
everything I'm teaching here is just one piece of the edge model, the same model
piece of the edge model, the same model behind the 10 to 1, 15 to 1 reward to
behind the 10 to 1, 15 to 1 reward to risk trades you've seen me take and
risk trades you've seen me take and share. Inside Edge School, everything is
share. Inside Edge School, everything is built into a repeatable system,
built into a repeatable system, something that actually makes sense when
something that actually makes sense when you apply it. And if that's what you're
you apply it. And if that's what you're looking for, you can check it out. For
looking for, you can check it out. For now, let's continue. Now trading is all
now, let's continue. Now trading is all about, if you ask me, it's all about
about, if you ask me, it's all about positioning inside a high probability
positioning inside a high probability range, meaning that I'll be identifying
range, meaning that I'll be identifying a high probability range, and then
a high probability range, and then inside of that range, I'll be looking
inside of that range, I'll be looking for a trade. That gives me a higher
for a trade. That gives me a higher probability of the trade working. But
probability of the trade working. But before that, what is a high probability
before that, what is a high probability range? Or in other words, what does it
range? Or in other words, what does it give me? So when I have a high
give me? So when I have a high probability range, what I'm getting is a
probability range, what I'm getting is a clear invalidation, which is the stop
clear invalidation, which is the stop loss, because if price goes above a
loss, because if price goes above a specific point, then I'll be out, and
specific point, then I'll be out, and that is the invalidation point. It can
that is the invalidation point. It can also give me the potential target or the
also give me the potential target or the take profit, and it can give me the key
take profit, and it can give me the key level to enter, which is the entry. The
level to enter, which is the entry. The moment you have these three things, if
moment you have these three things, if you notice, the entry, stop loss, and
you notice, the entry, stop loss, and take profit, that's your trade. So we
take profit, that's your trade. So we can say that the moment you can identify
can say that the moment you can identify a valid high probability range, you're
a valid high probability range, you're having a potential trade, and you have
having a potential trade, and you have all of the components of a valid trade.
all of the components of a valid trade. So how can this be seen in a trade? Now
So how can this be seen in a trade? Now if we notice here, we have price going
if we notice here, we have price going lower. Now we're going to be looking at
lower. Now we're going to be looking at what is a high probability range, but I
what is a high probability range, but I want to show you how you can actually
want to show you how you can actually have everything presented to you
have everything presented to you whenever you have the high probability
whenever you have the high probability range. So at this high to this low, it
range. So at this high to this low, it is actually a high probability range,
is actually a high probability range, but you will know in the next slides how
but you will know in the next slides how to identify one. Now we have a high, we
to identify one. Now we have a high, we have a low.
have a low. If you notice, the high here is because
If you notice, the high here is because we're bearish here. If price goes above
we're bearish here. If price goes above it, we could have stop loss. Now a stop
it, we could have stop loss. Now a stop loss could be anywhere inside of this
loss could be anywhere inside of this range. The most popular one, the safer
range. The most popular one, the safer one. So the safer one would be above the
one. So the safer one would be above the high, but somewhere in here above the
high, but somewhere in here above the high, that's where your stop loss goes.
high, that's where your stop loss goes. Now some people will be talking about
Now some people will be talking about liquidity and other things, but yes,
liquidity and other things, but yes, liquidity is everywhere, but there are
liquidity is everywhere, but there are some valid structures which gives you a
some valid structures which gives you a higher probability of price continuing
higher probability of price continuing from them, and there are some weak
from them, and there are some weak structures that price will actually take
structures that price will actually take and disrespect. So we're talking about
and disrespect. So we're talking about high probability structure or ranges. So
high probability structure or ranges. So if this is the stop loss, where could be
if this is the stop loss, where could be the entry coming from? Because we
the entry coming from? Because we discussed that we have a stop loss, take
discussed that we have a stop loss, take profit, and entry. The entry would be
profit, and entry. The entry would be somewhere in between. Could be here,
somewhere in between. Could be here, here, or here, or here, depending on the
here, or here, or here, depending on the key level that you're using. But then
key level that you're using. But then the take profit, where could it be?
the take profit, where could it be? Yeah, it could be also inside of the
Yeah, it could be also inside of the range, and the I'll say the most popular
range, and the I'll say the most popular one, or it could be the most logical one
one, or it could be the most logical one as well, is somewhere in here, the take
as well, is somewhere in here, the take profit and the low of the range. So the
profit and the low of the range. So the high of the range when it's bearish goes
high of the range when it's bearish goes the stop loss, the low of the range when
the stop loss, the low of the range when it's bearish goes the take profit, the
it's bearish goes the take profit, the potential take profit. And that's how
potential take profit. And that's how just a high probability range takes you
just a high probability range takes you all back to the basics of trading.
all back to the basics of trading. That's the way we need to understand it,
That's the way we need to understand it, and not just a textbook example of okay,
and not just a textbook example of okay, a break of structure and the mapping and
a break of structure and the mapping and all of that. Things that make sense on
all of that. Things that make sense on the textbook, but when you apply it to
the textbook, but when you apply it to the real chart, it's not going to work.
the real chart, it's not going to work. Now let's go over the structure rule.
Now let's go over the structure rule. Yes, there are some structures that will
Yes, there are some structures that will be holding price to continue in the same
be holding price to continue in the same direction, and there are structures that
direction, and there are structures that are made in order to be respected and
are made in order to be respected and change the direction. So how could we,
change the direction. So how could we, you know, differentiate between the two?
you know, differentiate between the two? Now there is one rule that we're going
Now there is one rule that we're going to be applying, and it's going to be the
to be applying, and it's going to be the main rule. And there are some other
main rule. And there are some other rules that are going to come
rules that are going to come throughout the next slides, but the main
throughout the next slides, but the main rule is that before the structure holds,
rule is that before the structure holds, it must be held. That mean if I have a
it must be held. That mean if I have a structure here, and we have a key level,
structure here, and we have a key level, this is going to hold
this is going to hold if the high of the range or the high of
if the high of the range or the high of the structure or the whole structure is
the structure or the whole structure is being held in the first place.
being held in the first place. So if we have something like this,
So if we have something like this, and this is not held by anything here,
and this is not held by anything here, it's not going to hold.
it's not going to hold. But if we have something like this,
But if we have something like this, and we have a key level being holding
and we have a key level being holding this here, then a lot of time this is
this here, then a lot of time this is going to be holding the price lower
going to be holding the price lower again. So the structure will actually
again. So the structure will actually hold and have a continuation if it's
hold and have a continuation if it's already held. That's how we understand,
already held. That's how we understand, and that's the first rule of structure.
and that's the first rule of structure. So if I ask you a question here, are we
So if I ask you a question here, are we bullish or bearish here? Everyone is
bullish or bearish here? Everyone is going to be having a different opinion
going to be having a different opinion depending on how you apply market
depending on how you apply market structure, how you were taught the
structure, how you were taught the concept itself. So some people would be
concept itself. So some people would be looking for, based on this, buying from
looking for, based on this, buying from here. Other people would be selling from
here. Other people would be selling from here. Another people would be selling
here. Another people would be selling from here. Other people would be selling
from here. Other people would be selling from here, and some people would wait
from here, and some people would wait for
for price to break and then going lower. So
price to break and then going lower. So lots of confusion here and lots of
lots of confusion here and lots of different opinions, which is totally
different opinions, which is totally okay for different people, but for you
okay for different people, but for you to have different opinions is going to
to have different opinions is going to equal to confusion. So that's not
equal to confusion. So that's not something that we're trying to do here.
something that we're trying to do here. What we're trying to do is focusing on a
What we're trying to do is focusing on a high probability range, meaning that as
high probability range, meaning that as price is going lower, we have a break of
price is going lower, we have a break of structure here. If this fits the high
structure here. If this fits the high probability criteria for a range or
probability criteria for a range or structure, we're going to be looking for
structure, we're going to be looking for this, and we're going to say that okay,
this, and we're going to say that okay, we are now bearish regardless of
we are now bearish regardless of anything to the left. So I'm bearish
anything to the left. So I'm bearish here, I'm going to sell when price
here, I'm going to sell when price retrace back into the range. A break of
retrace back into the range. A break of structure, if this fits, I'm going to be
structure, if this fits, I'm going to be selling. Now we do have a market
selling. Now we do have a market structure shift. I'll be actually
structure shift. I'll be actually instead of selling from somewhere, I'll
instead of selling from somewhere, I'll be buying from here because this is a
be buying from here because this is a high probability range, and we'll be
high probability range, and we'll be looking for the continuation. A break of
looking for the continuation. A break of structure, high probability range,
structure, high probability range, continuation, and same thing goes over
continuation, and same thing goes over and over. But then we're going to be
and over. But then we're going to be learning how to actually focus on high
learning how to actually focus on high probability ranges and the three
probability ranges and the three criteria for that. Before that, there
criteria for that. Before that, there was something that we can actually apply
was something that we can actually apply here, and it comes from the concept of
here, and it comes from the concept of time frame alignments, top-down
time frame alignments, top-down analysis, and then using key levels. And
analysis, and then using key levels. And also alignments between the big picture
also alignments between the big picture and the small picture. Assuming that we
and the small picture. Assuming that we have this big range, price had weakness
have this big range, price had weakness and then strength, and then it continues
and then strength, and then it continues a
a Some people would say, you know what?
Some people would say, you know what? We're looking to long from here because
We're looking to long from here because now we do have a break of structure or
now we do have a break of structure or you know, a market structure shift
you know, a market structure shift because we're bearish but now we change
because we're bearish but now we change to bullish and then we're going to wait
to bullish and then we're going to wait for this. There is nothing wrong with
for this. There is nothing wrong with that. But the highest probability
that. But the highest probability condition comes when we have an
condition comes when we have an alignment. The alignment will be from
alignment. The alignment will be from the big picture, which is what we have,
the big picture, which is what we have, which goes from here to here that is a
which goes from here to here that is a high probability range and then the
high probability range and then the moment we go inside of the range. So we
moment we go inside of the range. So we have a big range that is even a frugal
have a big range that is even a frugal above here, we're still bearish because
above here, we're still bearish because this high was not disrespected. So we
this high was not disrespected. So we have now a big picture. But when we have
have now a big picture. But when we have this last range giving me a high
this last range giving me a high probability range going lower. So if I'm
probability range going lower. So if I'm focusing on this, this is the last price
focusing on this, this is the last price action leg and then we have a weakness
action leg and then we have a weakness and a break of structure here, it's
and a break of structure here, it's going lower.
going lower. What happens is that if this is aligned
What happens is that if this is aligned with the main range and from a key
with the main range and from a key level, then I can actually trade this
level, then I can actually trade this going lower. So this becomes a high
going lower. So this becomes a high probability range aligned with the main
probability range aligned with the main range, the big picture. This is the
range, the big picture. This is the small picture aligned. Now I can
small picture aligned. Now I can actually trade this knowing that not
actually trade this knowing that not only are we having this, but it could be
only are we having this, but it could be having this breaking the main low here.
having this breaking the main low here. So I can enter from here targeting the
So I can enter from here targeting the main low of the big range into the high
main low of the big range into the high probability structure and what actually
probability structure and what actually makes a structure a high probability.
makes a structure a high probability. Now the first one is the structure or
Now the first one is the structure or the range being anchored. That mean
the range being anchored. That mean price is having something at the top of
price is having something at the top of the range. So if if we're bearish here,
the range. So if if we're bearish here, I need price or the high of the range
I need price or the high of the range respecting either a key level
respecting either a key level reacting of a key level or taking a high
reacting of a key level or taking a high meaning that we have some weakness.
meaning that we have some weakness. There needs to be something at the top
There needs to be something at the top that's holding price from continuing
that's holding price from continuing higher. So an example of that is price
higher. So an example of that is price we have an imbalance. Price has been
we have an imbalance. Price has been going up and then we have a reaction of
going up and then we have a reaction of an imbalance. That is one scenario.
an imbalance. That is one scenario. Another scenario is price going up going
Another scenario is price going up going up going up and then having some
up going up and then having some weakness at an imbalance or at an order
weakness at an imbalance or at an order block or at a key level or at supply
block or at a key level or at supply demand anything. Anything could work.
demand anything. Anything could work. This is a universe of thing that if you
This is a universe of thing that if you change the key level, nothing change.
change the key level, nothing change. It's just the key level changing but not
It's just the key level changing but not the whole process. So anchored applies
the whole process. So anchored applies to anything. The level needs to be
to anything. The level needs to be anchored. The second thing is
anchored. The second thing is displacement meaning that I want to see
displacement meaning that I want to see a break of structure. I want to see
a break of structure. I want to see price disrespecting or you know, giving
price disrespecting or you know, giving me a high probability range by
me a high probability range by disrespecting the last low in this
disrespecting the last low in this example. So someone to look for a
example. So someone to look for a bearish scenario, I want to see a
bearish scenario, I want to see a displacement below the low and there is
displacement below the low and there is one specific rule that we need to apply
one specific rule that we need to apply when it comes to the displacement and
when it comes to the displacement and it's going to make a big difference for
it's going to make a big difference for you. So make sure to watch that one too.
you. So make sure to watch that one too. So a displacement in a continuation
So a displacement in a continuation scenario would be looking like this.
scenario would be looking like this. Displacement continuation displacement
Displacement continuation displacement continuation. In a reversal scenario,
continuation. In a reversal scenario, it's going to look like this.
it's going to look like this. Displacement continuation and after that
Displacement continuation and after that we're having continuation. And the last
we're having continuation. And the last thing is price position meaning that I
thing is price position meaning that I want to see price reacting from
want to see price reacting from [clears throat] a good price position.
[clears throat] a good price position. Meaning that if I have this range and
Meaning that if I have this range and then we have a market structure shift
then we have a market structure shift here. So what happened is something like
here. So what happened is something like this. It's not going to be valid because
this. It's not going to be valid because I do have this big range that is still
I do have this big range that is still unfilled. It's illogical and not a smart
unfilled. It's illogical and not a smart move to sell from here. I would be
move to sell from here. I would be looking at 50% of the range and maybe
looking at 50% of the range and maybe the OTE zones and try to sell from here.
the OTE zones and try to sell from here. When price is reaching almost the top of
When price is reaching almost the top of the range for example because it's safer
the range for example because it's safer to enter from there. But then at the
to enter from there. But then at the beginning of the range, there is still
beginning of the range, there is still an unfilled range that price could go to
an unfilled range that price could go to anytime. So So some people could be
anytime. So So some people could be selling from here, other people selling
selling from here, other people selling from here. But then price is going to
from here. But then price is going to reach a key level here at the top of the
reach a key level here at the top of the range and that's going to be the valid
range and that's going to be the valid one. These three things needs to be
one. These three things needs to be applied to any structure in order to
applied to any structure in order to validate that one and say that, you know
validate that one and say that, you know what? We could be having a continuation
what? We could be having a continuation from that range instead of disrespect
from that range instead of disrespect and instead of reversal. Now the
and instead of reversal. Now the displacement rule is very simple and not
displacement rule is very simple and not a lot of people talked about because
a lot of people talked about because what a lot of people are going to tell
what a lot of people are going to tell you is that the moment we had a low,
you is that the moment we had a low, price closed below it. If we have a
price closed below it. If we have a closure below it, that is a break of
closure below it, that is a break of structure or market structure shift
structure or market structure shift depending on the direction. So in this
depending on the direction. So in this case, a market structure shift and
case, a market structure shift and you'll be looking for a continuation.
you'll be looking for a continuation. But a lot of time, man, let me ask you,
But a lot of time, man, let me ask you, how many times you've seen this pattern
how many times you've seen this pattern and then what happened after is this?
and then what happened after is this? You've seen the pattern and what
You've seen the pattern and what happened is this. A lot of times, right?
happened is this. A lot of times, right? Closing one candle below a low or one
Closing one candle below a low or one candle above a high is not a real
candle above a high is not a real displacement. It's price going into
displacement. It's price going into another key level. So something like
another key level. So something like this. Price going into a key level to
this. Price going into a key level to continue higher. It's not a break of
continue higher. It's not a break of structure. To be honest, sometimes it's
structure. To be honest, sometimes it's going to be valid. So I'm not saying
going to be valid. So I'm not saying that every time it's not valid.
that every time it's not valid. Sometimes this will happen. So yes,
Sometimes this will happen. So yes, sometimes it can be valid. But we're
sometimes it can be valid. But we're talking about probability. What is one
talking about probability. What is one thing that we can do or one simple rule
thing that we can do or one simple rule that we can actually apply in order to
that we can actually apply in order to have a higher probability ranges. And
have a higher probability ranges. And the rule is that displacement needs to
the rule is that displacement needs to be higher than 1.5x to 2x the last move.
be higher than 1.5x to 2x the last move. And the last move is the leg that we're
And the last move is the leg that we're looking at a break of structure. So how
looking at a break of structure. So how do we apply this? Let's assume that this
do we apply this? Let's assume that this is where price is going higher, coming
is where price is going higher, coming lower, going higher and then breaking
lower, going higher and then breaking below the low. So we close below the
below the low. So we close below the last low. The last leg that we're
last low. The last leg that we're talking about or the last move is this.
talking about or the last move is this. So this is the last move that we're
So this is the last move that we're supposed to be bullish here but then we
supposed to be bullish here but then we go below it. From here to here, let's
go below it. From here to here, let's assume it's 10 pips. A valid break of
assume it's 10 pips. A valid break of structure would be price
structure would be price having the size of this 1.5 times this
having the size of this 1.5 times this or two times. So this needs to be at
or two times. So this needs to be at least double this or one and a half
least double this or one and a half times this. Is it here two times this?
times this. Is it here two times this? Not really. It's only about I don't
Not really. It's only about I don't know, 10% more than this which is not
know, 10% more than this which is not too valid. So it needs to be 1.5 times
too valid. So it needs to be 1.5 times or two times in order to validate this.
or two times in order to validate this. Now yes, again, probability meaning that
Now yes, again, probability meaning that price could actually respect this range
price could actually respect this range here. But if you're trying to focus on a
here. But if you're trying to focus on a high probability scenario, you're going
high probability scenario, you're going to be focusing on this. Notice how this
to be focusing on this. Notice how this move here is almost at least one and a
move here is almost at least one and a half times bigger than this and maybe
half times bigger than this and maybe two times bigger than this. So this is
two times bigger than this. So this is 10 pips. This might be 20 pips or 19
10 pips. This might be 20 pips or 19 pips. Based on what you're seeing here,
pips. Based on what you're seeing here, which one is more likely to hold? Is it
which one is more likely to hold? Is it this scenario number one? Is price going
this scenario number one? Is price going to hold here or maybe continuing higher?
to hold here or maybe continuing higher? Or this one here where we have the
Or this one here where we have the weakness and then the displacement but
weakness and then the displacement but real displacement, the size of this is
real displacement, the size of this is this big and it's almost double. But
this big and it's almost double. But then notice how when price is going to
then notice how when price is going to go up, this is now a strong range and a
go up, this is now a strong range and a lot of time it's going to have a
lot of time it's going to have a continuation to the downside. And that's
continuation to the downside. And that's the structure that we're trying to trade
the structure that we're trying to trade with. Now let's put everything together.
with. Now let's put everything together. What are we trying to do here is trying
What are we trying to do here is trying to approach the chart in a much
to approach the chart in a much different way just based on ranges and
different way just based on ranges and trying to identify if the range is part
trying to identify if the range is part of a bigger range and the range that
of a bigger range and the range that we're dealing with is actually a high
we're dealing with is actually a high probability one and then trade based on
probability one and then trade based on it. Identifying the stop loss, the key
it. Identifying the stop loss, the key level meaning the entry and the
level meaning the entry and the potential take profit based on that
potential take profit based on that range. All right. So now going into the
range. All right. So now going into the chart, what we want to see is apply the
chart, what we want to see is apply the basics that we learned and then we'll
basics that we learned and then we'll also go over some of the alignments. So
also go over some of the alignments. So we're going to go over some examples
we're going to go over some examples using the alignment. Now simply by
using the alignment. Now simply by looking at this chart, this is a
looking at this chart, this is a four-hour chart. I could zoom out here
four-hour chart. I could zoom out here and say, you know what? And I'll
and say, you know what? And I'll complicate it more and more. I'll say,
complicate it more and more. I'll say, you know what? We're actually bullish
you know what? We're actually bullish here and I want to look for price coming
here and I want to look for price coming here. But then we have a new structure
here. But then we have a new structure happening here as well. It's much better
happening here as well. It's much better to focus only on the high probability
to focus only on the high probability range. And if that range is a high
range. And if that range is a high probability meaning that we could
probability meaning that we could actually have a continuation from that.
actually have a continuation from that. If I look at this here, so this just
If I look at this here, so this just ignore everything here and we're going
ignore everything here and we're going to go over this actually later. But what
to go over this actually later. But what I can see here is that we have a low
I can see here is that we have a low being taken and then we have a break of
being taken and then we have a break of structure. I mean, you could argue here
structure. I mean, you could argue here about the key level because everyone is
about the key level because everyone is using a specific key level. But yes, we
using a specific key level. But yes, we have a key level here and we have
have a key level here and we have weakness. So we have this being
weakness. So we have this being anchored. Now one thing is is not a best
anchored. Now one thing is is not a best here which is the price position because
here which is the price position because we do have an unfilled range here. So
we do have an unfilled range here. So based on the structure, we have a two
based on the structure, we have a two out of three rating for this. Now price
out of three rating for this. Now price pushed it outside, what do we have? A
pushed it outside, what do we have? A break of structure. So that is another
break of structure. So that is another point on the rating. So
point on the rating. So two out of three. So this range from the
two out of three. So this range from the low here to the high is a two out of
low here to the high is a two out of three. So it's still tradeable. Now what
three. So it's still tradeable. Now what do you want to see is you want to look
do you want to see is you want to look for a key level. We do have some key
for a key level. We do have some key levels here and that's where price
levels here and that's where price actually came back to and pushed higher.
actually came back to and pushed higher. And if you notice,
And if you notice, we have a key level that could be our
we have a key level that could be our entry. We have a stop loss maybe
entry. We have a stop loss maybe somewhere in here or maybe lower or just
somewhere in here or maybe lower or just when we have an entry here on a lower
when we have an entry here on a lower time frame, we could have it below
time frame, we could have it below something like this and then it goes
something like this and then it goes below the entry. And targeting, we could
below the entry. And targeting, we could target some key levels inside of this
target some key levels inside of this especially if we had another high
especially if we had another high probability range. But we're looking at
probability range. But we're looking at another break of structure. Now what do
another break of structure. Now what do we have again here? We have key level
we have again here? We have key level respected. Another [clears throat] thing
respected. Another [clears throat] thing is a break of structure. Price position
is a break of structure. Price position is also good. So we have a three out of
is also good. So we have a three out of three. Notice here. We look at a key
three. Notice here. We look at a key level again. Same thing. Now if you
level again. Same thing. Now if you wonder about these key levels, these are
wonder about these key levels, these are some key levels that I teach in its
some key levels that I teach in its cool. So feel free to check that out if
cool. So feel free to check that out if you need it. Now another trade based on
you need it. Now another trade based on another high probability range which is
another high probability range which is this here. And our stop loss goes either
this here. And our stop loss goes either below the range because it's a high
below the range because it's a high probability one or below the entry. Now
probability one or below the entry. Now for me, I would go below the entry
for me, I would go below the entry because I'd be looking at another entry
because I'd be looking at another entry here on a lower time frame, targeting
here on a lower time frame, targeting the high as the main target, and then
the high as the main target, and then looking at some key levels inside. So, a
looking at some key levels inside. So, a key level here. That's where we get our
key level here. That's where we get our some respect. So, we could take some
some respect. So, we could take some partials here and then go break even.
partials here and then go break even. That's over really 7:1, a huge reward to
That's over really 7:1, a huge reward to risk. And that's how we approach it.
risk. And that's how we approach it. Now, if you notice this range here going
Now, if you notice this range here going lower, is it actually a high probability
lower, is it actually a high probability range? Actually, another thing I want to
range? Actually, another thing I want to mention is notice this last leg to the
mention is notice this last leg to the downside. Okay? We have price going
downside. Okay? We have price going lower. You want to measure how many pips
lower. You want to measure how many pips is that? 75. But notice this move that
is that? 75. But notice this move that caused the break of structure. How many
caused the break of structure. How many pips is it? It's 230. So, that's more
pips is it? It's 230. So, that's more than three times this last leg. And if
than three times this last leg. And if we also look at this, so we have this
we also look at this, so we have this last leg here, that is 110, and price
last leg here, that is 110, and price going from here to here, that is 250.
going from here to here, that is 250. So, that's also two times more. These
So, that's also two times more. These are the ranges we want to deal with.
are the ranges we want to deal with. Now, if we look at this, is it a high
Now, if we look at this, is it a high probability range? For me, it's not the
probability range? For me, it's not the highest probability one. Even though it
highest probability one. Even though it worked, but it's not. The reason is the
worked, but it's not. The reason is the break of structure is not that clear.
break of structure is not that clear. It's only, you know, the pullback is
It's only, you know, the pullback is only one candle. I want to see a
only one candle. I want to see a structure instead. So, I want to see
structure instead. So, I want to see multiple candles going up, multiple
multiple candles going up, multiple candles going lower, but it's still it's
candles going lower, but it's still it's still valid, but not the highest
still valid, but not the highest probability one. And here, this is not
probability one. And here, this is not the highest probability range. Now, on a
the highest probability range. Now, on a lower time frame, it could be. But this
lower time frame, it could be. But this one
one looks like it is. The level is anchored,
looks like it is. The level is anchored, a break of structure here, continuing
a break of structure here, continuing higher, key level, continuation. But
higher, key level, continuation. But here is the alignment section. So, if
here is the alignment section. So, if you notice that we are actually pushing
you notice that we are actually pushing higher here. We had some structures that
higher here. We had some structures that we traded here. But then, we do have a
we traded here. But then, we do have a key level here, and we take this last
key level here, and we take this last low, and then what happened here is, so
low, and then what happened here is, so if I'm just focusing here, I outfocus
if I'm just focusing here, I outfocus here and forget about everything. What I
here and forget about everything. What I see is some weakness happening,
see is some weakness happening, a failing to close below, and that is
a failing to close below, and that is you could consider this as, you know,
you could consider this as, you know, the level,
the level, the structure being anchored. And then
the structure being anchored. And then we have a break of structure. Now, you
we have a break of structure. Now, you could measure this last move to the
could measure this last move to the downside from here to here, and you
downside from here to here, and you notice that it's 40 pips. The break of
notice that it's 40 pips. The break of structure, which happened here or here,
structure, which happened here or here, is 130. That's almost three times the
is 130. That's almost three times the last leg. We started going higher. Now,
last leg. We started going higher. Now, you want to go to the left also and see,
you want to go to the left also and see, are we part of a bigger structure? If we
are we part of a bigger structure? If we are, then that means we're actually
are, then that means we're actually going to have a big move to the upside.
going to have a big move to the upside. And notice how we have this, align with
And notice how we have this, align with the main range, which is going higher,
the main range, which is going higher, and a better price position than these,
and a better price position than these, so we could look for the high to be
so we could look for the high to be taken now. So, now we have the
taken now. So, now we have the alignment. And notice how we have this
alignment. And notice how we have this range, the break of structure. Where
range, the break of structure. Where could we look for a level here?
could we look for a level here? Have a respect as well. This is a good
Have a respect as well. This is a good range to trade, but it's not a range
range to trade, but it's not a range with a break of structure. Now, this one
with a break of structure. Now, this one is a range with a break of structure.
is a range with a break of structure. So, you notice how we have, with this
So, you notice how we have, with this range, we could have the first entry
range, we could have the first entry somewhere in here. Then the second entry
somewhere in here. Then the second entry would not be from here because we did
would not be from here because we did not have a break of structure of this.
not have a break of structure of this. So, it's not the highest probability
So, it's not the highest probability one. However, notice how this range
one. However, notice how this range comes to an imbalance, fill the
comes to an imbalance, fill the imbalance. So, that is a key level being
imbalance. So, that is a key level being respected, and we close out of it with a
respected, and we close out of it with a break of structure. Now, this might not
break of structure. Now, this might not be 2x this because this is 52, and the
be 2x this because this is 52, and the whole move is 60. Actually, yeah, almost
whole move is 60. Actually, yeah, almost two times, at least 1.5 times, so it's
two times, at least 1.5 times, so it's valid. So, now we have a break of
valid. So, now we have a break of structure, price coming lower after the
structure, price coming lower after the retracement, you want to look for a key
retracement, you want to look for a key level to enter, a key level here, for
level to enter, a key level here, for example. Want to see the respect on a
example. Want to see the respect on a lower time frame and have an entry, and
lower time frame and have an entry, and that is another one. Ask yourself, is
that is another one. Ask yourself, is this a high probability range? Not
this a high probability range? Not really because we just went above the
really because we just went above the high and immediately go lower, so not a
high and immediately go lower, so not a high probability range, and these are
high probability range, and these are the ranges we want to avoid because we
the ranges we want to avoid because we did not have the displacement rule
did not have the displacement rule happening here. The moment you apply the
happening here. The moment you apply the displacement. Now, even sometime inside
displacement. Now, even sometime inside of here, you notice how this range, if
of here, you notice how this range, if we apply the criteria, the three
we apply the criteria, the three criteria, we have a key level being
criteria, we have a key level being respected. We also have weakness, so
respected. We also have weakness, so this is a high that is anchored, and
this is a high that is anchored, and then we do have a break of structure,
then we do have a break of structure, and it's definitely at least 1.5 times,
and it's definitely at least 1.5 times, and the price position is also good. So,
and the price position is also good. So, we have the three criteria being
we have the three criteria being respected here. Now, we look at the key
respected here. Now, we look at the key levels. We have a key level here,
levels. We have a key level here, another one here, and this one is
another one here, and this one is respected. Notice how we have a respect,
respected. Notice how we have a respect, immediately continuing lower, on entry
immediately continuing lower, on entry here, looking at the low to be taken,
here, looking at the low to be taken, but also monitor how some other key
but also monitor how some other key levels inside of the range could give a
levels inside of the range could give a reaction. So, after a level given a
reaction. So, after a level given a reaction, we could actually go break
reaction, we could actually go break even, and sometime you'll be out because
even, and sometime you'll be out because not every time you'll be part of the big
not every time you'll be part of the big range. Sometime you'll be against that.
range. Sometime you'll be against that. But still, since the range, even the
But still, since the range, even the minor range, is a high probability, you
minor range, is a high probability, you could have a trade idea that could go to
could have a trade idea that could go to 5:1, for example. If I just go to the
5:1, for example. If I just go to the left here, notice how we have this range
left here, notice how we have this range pushing higher, so we have a break of
pushing higher, so we have a break of structure, but we still did not have the
structure, but we still did not have the retracement until here. And notice how
retracement until here. And notice how this did not give a valid break of
this did not give a valid break of structure. So, now what I can do is, you
structure. So, now what I can do is, you know what? I'll take this range, and I
know what? I'll take this range, and I want to see the alignment out of this
want to see the alignment out of this range in order to continue even higher.
range in order to continue even higher. So, price goes lower, we don't have a
So, price goes lower, we don't have a break of structure, goes lower, respect
break of structure, goes lower, respect the key level, but also give a break of
the key level, but also give a break of structure. And based on the rule of the
structure. And based on the rule of the displacement, this is 44, and this is
displacement, this is 44, and this is 100. So, yes, it's definitely two times
100. So, yes, it's definitely two times more, a break of structure. We want to
more, a break of structure. We want to look for a key level inside of this
look for a key level inside of this range because now it's becoming a high
range because now it's becoming a high probability one, so we're expecting this
probability one, so we're expecting this low to hold, and we're expecting this
low to hold, and we're expecting this high to be taken. This is my target.
high to be taken. This is my target. Stop loss below here. Okay?
Stop loss below here. Okay? And then a key level, so for example,
And then a key level, so for example, we're looking at this key level,
we're looking at this key level, depending on the entry. Now, you could
depending on the entry. Now, you could have an entry here, you could have an
have an entry here, you could have an entry here. You could have an entry and
entry here. You could have an entry and then get stopped out and have another
then get stopped out and have another entry, so it all depends on your entry
entry, so it all depends on your entry itself. This is your main target, but
itself. This is your main target, but you could extend it if it was broken,
you could extend it if it was broken, and that's
and that's a huge rate. That's how we deal with
a huge rate. That's how we deal with market structure the right way. We find
market structure the right way. We find a high probability range based on the
a high probability range based on the three criteria, and then we trade based
three criteria, and then we trade based on it. So, that's it for this video.
on it. So, that's it for this video. Make sure to check out It's Cool, my
Make sure to check out It's Cool, my community, and my classes. And if you
community, and my classes. And if you want to trade with me, make sure to hit
want to trade with me, make sure to hit the like button and subscribe. That's
the like button and subscribe. That's it, and I'll see you next one.