After 8 years of trading, this is my full trading plan. I'll cover everything
full trading plan. I'll cover everything you need from direction and bias, key
you need from direction and bias, key levels, time frame alignment, entries,
levels, time frame alignment, entries, and more with examples and putting all
and more with examples and putting all together as a full trading plan. Let's
together as a full trading plan. Let's start. So, the first thing that I want
start. So, the first thing that I want to start with is the types of traders.
to start with is the types of traders. We have two main types of traders. We
We have two main types of traders. We have traders who focus on the direction,
have traders who focus on the direction, and these are predictive. So, the main
and these are predictive. So, the main focus would be on the directional bias.
focus would be on the directional bias. The other type is reactive, where they
The other type is reactive, where they focus on the key level. Now, when it
focus on the key level. Now, when it comes to the predictive, what they do is
comes to the predictive, what they do is asking the first question, which is what
asking the first question, which is what is the direction? And the
is the direction? And the [clears throat] answers goes like, I
[clears throat] answers goes like, I think the market is going up or going
think the market is going up or going down. And what they do is entering
down. And what they do is entering anywhere on the chart with no clear key
anywhere on the chart with no clear key level. The problem with that is they're
level. The problem with that is they're going to get stopped out even if they
going to get stopped out even if they got the direction right. And this is a
got the direction right. And this is a big issue when it comes to mostly ICT
big issue when it comes to mostly ICT traders because they think direction is
traders because they think direction is everything. And we're going to cover
everything. And we're going to cover this later. Now, there is another type
this later. Now, there is another type where they focus on the key level. So,
where they focus on the key level. So, they are being reactive. What they do is
they are being reactive. What they do is find the higher time frame key level,
find the higher time frame key level, wait for price to reach that level,
wait for price to reach that level, enter at that level, and then trade to
enter at that level, and then trade to the next level. Now, direction, when you
the next level. Now, direction, when you trade based on the key level, direction
trade based on the key level, direction becomes automatic. So, basically,
becomes automatic. So, basically, trading off that key level. So, we have
trading off that key level. So, we have this key level here. When price comes to
this key level here. When price comes to that level, give a reaction, you already
that level, give a reaction, you already have the direction there. You'll be
have the direction there. You'll be winning regardless of the bias that you
winning regardless of the bias that you think of. Sometime, you can take a trade
think of. Sometime, you can take a trade against the direction, but just because
against the direction, but just because you take it from a key level, it's still
you take it from a key level, it's still going to work. Now, a problem with a lot
going to work. Now, a problem with a lot of the especially ICT traders, but also
of the especially ICT traders, but also in the whole industry, because most
in the whole industry, because most people, when they lose, they try to
people, when they lose, they try to blame something. And one of the things
blame something. And one of the things that they always blame, sometimes
that they always blame, sometimes psychology when it's not the real issue,
psychology when it's not the real issue, sometimes the strategy is the issue. One
sometimes the strategy is the issue. One of the things is also bias. So, a lot of
of the things is also bias. So, a lot of ICT traders, what they're going to do is
ICT traders, what they're going to do is after taking a loss, what they're going
after taking a loss, what they're going to blame is wrong daily bias. And
to blame is wrong daily bias. And they're going to think that it's all
they're going to think that it's all about the bias. They got the bias wrong,
about the bias. They got the bias wrong, that means uh next time they need to
that means uh next time they need to adjust the bias, they need to focus more
adjust the bias, they need to focus more on identifying that daily bias. Now,
on identifying that daily bias. Now, they're going to blame the bias, right?
they're going to blame the bias, right? Next day, they're going to change the
Next day, they're going to change the bias. And then after that, they're going
bias. And then after that, they're going to realize that they're still losing.
to realize that they're still losing. So, the daily bias was not the issue,
So, the daily bias was not the issue, but now they're stuck in this loop.
but now they're stuck in this loop. They're getting or you're thinking that
They're getting or you're thinking that they got the daily bias wrong. They're
they got the daily bias wrong. They're going to change the bias, they're going
going to change the bias, they're going to still lose, and here is the loop. So,
to still lose, and here is the loop. So, they're going to still think that they
they're going to still think that they got the daily bias wrong, and it's going
got the daily bias wrong, and it's going to repeat.
to repeat. The real problem is not that. They're
The real problem is not that. They're just blaming that because they don't
just blaming that because they don't know what the real issue is. However, a
know what the real issue is. However, a lot of times, the real problem would be
lot of times, the real problem would be poor key level identification. They are
poor key level identification. They are not Even when they get the direction
not Even when they get the direction right, they are not identifying the
right, they are not identifying the precise key level. So, they enter based
precise key level. So, they enter based on direction and not levels. That is the
on direction and not levels. That is the issue. However, when we think about
issue. However, when we think about levels, higher time frame key levels
levels, higher time frame key levels work regardless of bias. As I said
work regardless of bias. As I said again, sometime we're going to take mean
again, sometime we're going to take mean reversal trades, sometime we're going to
reversal trades, sometime we're going to take continuation trades, regardless of
take continuation trades, regardless of the bias, regardless of the direction,
the bias, regardless of the direction, the key level itself establishes the
the key level itself establishes the direction. Let's assume that price is at
direction. Let's assume that price is at a bullish key level. If we answer yes
a bullish key level. If we answer yes for this question, and then we also have
for this question, and then we also have a bullish bias, that is just a very high
a bullish bias, that is just a very high probability setup. So, this is your A+
probability setup. So, this is your A+ setup. Then, if we also answer yes, but
setup. Then, if we also answer yes, but then the bias is bearish, so we're being
then the bias is bearish, so we're being against a trend, it still can give a
against a trend, it still can give a reaction. If we answer no, so there's no
reaction. If we answer no, so there's no key level, then that is just random
key level, then that is just random outcome, anything could happen, and even
outcome, anything could happen, and even if you get the direction right,
if you get the direction right, without key level,
without key level, you're still going to lose because
you're still going to lose because you're just entering anywhere on the
you're just entering anywhere on the chart. Now, let's talk about this here,
chart. Now, let's talk about this here, and I really want to make sure that you
and I really want to make sure that you understand this point. If you get the
understand this point. If you get the direction correct, you enter anywhere,
direction correct, you enter anywhere, you're going to get stopped out or
you're going to get stopped out or you're going to get some reactions and
you're going to get some reactions and random, I would say random reactions,
random, I would say random reactions, and a tiny take profit. However, if you
and a tiny take profit. However, if you get the direction correct, you get entry
get the direction correct, you get entry at a higher time frame key level, you're
at a higher time frame key level, you're going to have wider runs and wider wins,
going to have wider runs and wider wins, which means that you're going to have
which means that you're going to have high reward to risk and high win rate.
high reward to risk and high win rate. So, if you ask me what is the right
So, if you ask me what is the right formula and what is the formula that I
formula and what is the formula that I suggest you need to follow is blending
suggest you need to follow is blending between both. You actually need to find
between both. You actually need to find the balance between direction and key
the balance between direction and key level. So, reactive, which focuses on
level. So, reactive, which focuses on key levels, as well as predictive, which
key levels, as well as predictive, which focus on directional bias. These two, if
focus on directional bias. These two, if you blend them and combine them with the
you blend them and combine them with the right balance, is going to equal to high
right balance, is going to equal to high probability condition. So, this is what
probability condition. So, this is what I suggest. Now, let me ask you this
I suggest. Now, let me ask you this question here. Assuming that all we have
question here. Assuming that all we have is this price action leg. So, I don't
is this price action leg. So, I don't know what is happening before, after,
know what is happening before, after, but I know now that we are bearish. We
but I know now that we are bearish. We break structure here. We are in a
break structure here. We are in a bearish price action leg from this high
bearish price action leg from this high to this low. If you just know that the
to this low. If you just know that the direction is bearish,
direction is bearish, and the daily bias is bearish, do you
and the daily bias is bearish, do you enter from anywhere?
enter from anywhere? So, can I enter here? It could still hit
So, can I enter here? It could still hit my stop loss and then go up and go up
my stop loss and then go up and go up and go up. But if you trade even without
and go up. But if you trade even without the direction, I know that this is a key
the direction, I know that this is a key level here. When price reach this level,
level here. When price reach this level, I would enter short, and it can still
I would enter short, and it can still give a reaction even from being against
give a reaction even from being against a trend. Let's assume that the trend is
a trend. Let's assume that the trend is actually bullish. So, this was nothing
actually bullish. So, this was nothing but just a push to the lower side as a
but just a push to the lower side as a pullback. And here is the main key
pullback. And here is the main key level. Even if I'm being against the
level. Even if I'm being against the direction, this level here is still
direction, this level here is still going to give a reaction to the lower
going to give a reaction to the lower side, maybe to the 50% of this range.
side, maybe to the 50% of this range. All right, so something like this, and
All right, so something like this, and then go up. So, you can still get some
then go up. So, you can still get some reaction on the lower time frame, which
reaction on the lower time frame, which you can either secure some reward, some
you can either secure some reward, some pips, or you could exit at break even at
pips, or you could exit at break even at least. Now, why you don't need
least. Now, why you don't need direction? Why direction is something
direction? Why direction is something that is can be used as a confluence and
that is can be used as a confluence and not as something part of your trading
not as something part of your trading plan. And I would say, I want you to
plan. And I would say, I want you to consider the direction, but don't be,
consider the direction, but don't be, you know, obsessed with finding the
you know, obsessed with finding the direction because that is going to make
direction because that is going to make you lose instead. If you are just
you lose instead. If you are just obsessed with the daily bias idea. What
obsessed with the daily bias idea. What most ICT traders do is they always think
most ICT traders do is they always think about the daily bias and this is
about the daily bias and this is strategy that does not require daily
strategy that does not require daily bias. However, it has a lot of
bias. However, it has a lot of confusion. So, I want you to think in a
confusion. So, I want you to think in a logical way. Why you don't need
logical way. Why you don't need direction? Assuming that this is higher
direction? Assuming that this is higher time frame,
time frame, 4-hour maybe, and this is a 4-hour
4-hour maybe, and this is a 4-hour level. So, we are trading between this
level. So, we are trading between this 4-hour level and this 4-hour level. And
4-hour level and this 4-hour level. And all what we have in between is a noise.
all what we have in between is a noise. And when I say noise, what I mean is a
And when I say noise, what I mean is a lower time frame price action. So, this
lower time frame price action. So, this could be 15-minute or it could be
could be 15-minute or it could be 5-minute. So, you see, price goes from a
5-minute. So, you see, price goes from a key level on a higher time frame to
key level on a higher time frame to another on a higher time frame. And the
another on a higher time frame. And the noise here or the price action or the
noise here or the price action or the details are going to be on a lower time
details are going to be on a lower time frame.
frame. Price will give a reaction off that
Price will give a reaction off that level from a level to another. If you go
level from a level to another. If you go to the chart now and just mark some
to the chart now and just mark some levels on a 4-hour time frame, and then
levels on a 4-hour time frame, and then regardless of the direction, take a look
regardless of the direction, take a look at the 15-minute, and you're going to
at the 15-minute, and you're going to still see that these levels even because
still see that these levels even because think about it. We are going up, for
think about it. We are going up, for example, here, like this, and we're
example, here, like this, and we're going up. We need to pull back. So, even
going up. We need to pull back. So, even from a key level, what we're having is a
from a key level, what we're having is a pullback. You can trade this even if
pullback. You can trade this even if we're bullish, right? So, we're
we're bullish, right? So, we're basically bullish, but then we have some
basically bullish, but then we have some pullbacks. You can still trade the
pullbacks. You can still trade the pullbacks, and these pullbacks are going
pullbacks, and these pullbacks are going to be from higher time frame levels, but
to be from higher time frame levels, but they're going to give you a lot of
they're going to give you a lot of reward to risk, same as this. So, let's
reward to risk, same as this. So, let's assume that we are just being bullish,
assume that we are just being bullish, but we reach a key level, and we have
but we reach a key level, and we have this pullback. This can be tradeable on
this pullback. This can be tradeable on the lower time frame, and it's going to
the lower time frame, and it's going to give you a lot of reward to risk. And I
give you a lot of reward to risk. And I do have some proofs later that I'm going
do have some proofs later that I'm going to go over, but you enter from here, you
to go over, but you enter from here, you can re-enter here, and this one is going
can re-enter here, and this one is going to be higher reward to risk compared to
to be higher reward to risk compared to this one if this is with the direction.
this one if this is with the direction. But you don't need the direction as a
But you don't need the direction as a main thing, as a must in your trading
main thing, as a must in your trading plan. So, always think about the key
plan. So, always think about the key levels and the reaction on the lower
levels and the reaction on the lower time frame instead of just thinking
time frame instead of just thinking about the direction. Because if you
about the direction. Because if you think that we're bullish here, but we're
think that we're bullish here, but we're reacting off a key level, and you're
reacting off a key level, and you're still trying to long, that's not going
still trying to long, that's not going to work. So, trying to long here, long,
to work. So, trying to long here, long, long, long, it's not going to work
long, long, it's not going to work because we're reacting off another
because we're reacting off another higher time frame level. Now, let me go
higher time frame level. Now, let me go over before going over the trading plan,
over before going over the trading plan, which we have right here. So, the
which we have right here. So, the complete trading plan. We need to
complete trading plan. We need to understand the time frame alignment. And
understand the time frame alignment. And this is something that I always apply to
this is something that I always apply to any strategy. Now, what I'm going over
any strategy. Now, what I'm going over here can be applicable to your current
here can be applicable to your current trading strategy. So, I'm not telling
trading strategy. So, I'm not telling you that you need to switch from your
you that you need to switch from your strategy to this one because you still
strategy to this one because you still need to find the key levels, and this
need to find the key levels, and this relies on your current trading strategy
relies on your current trading strategy because some people would consider a key
because some people would consider a key level as an order block. Some people
level as an order block. Some people would consider a key level as, you know,
would consider a key level as, you know, supply and demand. Other people as S&amp;R.
supply and demand. Other people as S&amp;R. So, it all depends on your trading plan.
So, it all depends on your trading plan. But this here, the time frame alignment,
But this here, the time frame alignment, because when we think about key level
because when we think about key level and when we say higher time frame, there
and when we say higher time frame, there is a misunderstanding that higher time
is a misunderstanding that higher time frame means monthly, weekly, and daily.
frame means monthly, weekly, and daily. And that is totally wrong. If you think
And that is totally wrong. If you think this way, I think you're missing the
this way, I think you're missing the whole point. Now, here, we don't call it
whole point. Now, here, we don't call it high time frame. We call it higher time
high time frame. We call it higher time frame. So, it is relative. So, even
frame. So, it is relative. So, even 15-minute could be actually a higher
15-minute could be actually a higher time frame because it's higher relative
time frame because it's higher relative to the 1-minute as an example. Comparing
to the 1-minute as an example. Comparing to the 1-minute, it's actually higher.
to the 1-minute, it's actually higher. So, higher is relative as well as lower.
So, higher is relative as well as lower. Lower is relative. So, even weekly can
Lower is relative. So, even weekly can be lower time frame. Compared to what?
be lower time frame. Compared to what? Compared to the monthly as an example.
Compared to the monthly as an example. And 4-hour could be also a lower time
And 4-hour could be also a lower time frame compared to the weekly. We need to
frame compared to the weekly. We need to think this way. Now, the time frame
think this way. Now, the time frame alignment, this is the key level time
alignment, this is the key level time frame and this is the entry time frame.
frame and this is the entry time frame. You can be flexible here. So, weekly
You can be flexible here. So, weekly goes
goes with the 4-hour. However, you can be
with the 4-hour. However, you can be flexible. Sometime use the hourly,
flexible. Sometime use the hourly, sometime use the daily. You can be
sometime use the daily. You can be flexible. And same here, 4-hour with
flexible. And same here, 4-hour with 15-minute. You can still use the
15-minute. You can still use the 5-minute. You can use the hourly. So,
5-minute. You can use the hourly. So, feel free to be flexible, but make sure
feel free to be flexible, but make sure that there is an alignment between the
that there is an alignment between the two. Now, what could I mean by no
two. Now, what could I mean by no alignment? No alignment means that we
alignment? No alignment means that we have a key level here and it is, let's
have a key level here and it is, let's say, on a weekly time frame. So, weekly
say, on a weekly time frame. So, weekly time frame and I'm looking for an entry
time frame and I'm looking for an entry on the 1-minute. What's going to happen
on the 1-minute. What's going to happen is that there's going to be a lot of
is that there's going to be a lot of noise on a 1-minute time frame compared
noise on a 1-minute time frame compared to a 4-hour level. And I might be
to a 4-hour level. And I might be stopped out maybe 10 times before
stopped out maybe 10 times before getting the right one. There is lots of
getting the right one. There is lots of noise and there is no alignment between
noise and there is no alignment between the two. And time frame alignment means
the two. And time frame alignment means that I want to align the two time frames
that I want to align the two time frames together. So, we have a bullish key
together. So, we have a bullish key level as an example. What I want to see
level as an example. What I want to see is same as this one is a bullish one, I
is same as this one is a bullish one, I want to see the lower time frame to be
want to see the lower time frame to be bullish. When we have key level is
bullish. When we have key level is bullish and lower time frame is bullish,
bullish and lower time frame is bullish, that is the alignment. So, I want the
that is the alignment. So, I want the two time frames to be aligned when when
two time frames to be aligned when when it comes to the momentum and the
it comes to the momentum and the direction. So, now let's cover the
direction. So, now let's cover the trading plan. So, this is the complete
trading plan. So, this is the complete trading plan. Now, you can take these
trading plan. Now, you can take these steps and just apply it to your current
steps and just apply it to your current strategy. Very easy. You don't need to
strategy. Very easy. You don't need to switch to any uh you know, a whole new
switch to any uh you know, a whole new thing. The first step is going to be
thing. The first step is going to be identifying higher time frame key
identifying higher time frame key levels. Now, as I said, key level on a
levels. Now, as I said, key level on a higher time frame could be an SNR level,
higher time frame could be an SNR level, could be an order block, could be an
could be an order block, could be an imbalance, could be a liquidity sweep,
imbalance, could be a liquidity sweep, could be a supply and demand, could be a
could be a supply and demand, could be a trendline. I'm not against anything
trendline. I'm not against anything here. Now, you identify that. You need
here. Now, you identify that. You need to remember that it's relative. So,
to remember that it's relative. So, higher is relative. A weekly can be
higher is relative. A weekly can be higher time frame and can be a lower
higher time frame and can be a lower time frame. There is nothing that there
time frame. There is nothing that there is a rule saying that 4-hour is a higher
is a rule saying that 4-hour is a higher time frame. That is just totally wrong
time frame. That is just totally wrong and a bad way to understand. They need
and a bad way to understand. They need to have clear rejections. So, based on
to have clear rejections. So, based on past price action, I know that or based
past price action, I know that or based on back testing, I know that these areas
on back testing, I know that these areas give rejections. So, I do have a proof
give rejections. So, I do have a proof and I do have a source that at these
and I do have a source that at these areas this could happen. And this takes
areas this could happen. And this takes me to the third one, which is it's
me to the third one, which is it's proven based on probabilities. So,
proven based on probabilities. So, again, based on past price action, I
again, based on past price action, I know that these levels actually give
know that these levels actually give reactions. Now, the second step would be
reactions. Now, the second step would be waiting for price to reach that level.
waiting for price to reach that level. And this is where most people fail and
And this is where most people fail and most traders fail. Why? Because most
most traders fail. Why? Because most traders are only thinking about the
traders are only thinking about the money and they're not patient enough to
money and they're not patient enough to wait for the right opportunity or the
wait for the right opportunity or the perfect opportunity. Here, you need to
perfect opportunity. Here, you need to be patient. Patience is key here. Never
be patient. Patience is key here. Never chase price. So, just wait for price to
chase price. So, just wait for price to come to your level and do not chase it.
come to your level and do not chase it. So, let's say this is your key level
So, let's say this is your key level here and price give a reaction just
here and price give a reaction just above your key level and you're sure
above your key level and you're sure that that key level is the valid one,
that that key level is the valid one, then wait for it. Do not chase price and
then wait for it. Do not chase price and do not just have FOMO to enter from here
do not just have FOMO to enter from here because price eventually is going to
because price eventually is going to come to your key level. So, do not chase
come to your key level. So, do not chase price. Patience is key here and let
price. Patience is key here and let levels come to you. Now, the third step
levels come to you. Now, the third step is we need to use lower time frame for
is we need to use lower time frame for entry. And same was higher, lower is
entry. And same was higher, lower is relative. That is the first thing. And
relative. That is the first thing. And at these areas, at these higher time
at these areas, at these higher time frame key levels, what we look for is
frame key levels, what we look for is reversal signals. And as I said before,
reversal signals. And as I said before, we need to find the alignment between
we need to find the alignment between the higher time frame and the lower time
the higher time frame and the lower time frame. And if you ask me about,
frame. And if you ask me about, you know, what is the game of trading?
you know, what is the game of trading? What is the cheat code in order to
What is the cheat code in order to succeed in this game? I would say it's
succeed in this game? I would say it's finding the balance between the higher
finding the balance between the higher time frame and lower time frame. It's
time frame and lower time frame. It's about trading from a higher time frame
about trading from a higher time frame level to another higher time frame level
level to another higher time frame level in the lower time frame. That is, in my
in the lower time frame. That is, in my opinion, the cheat code to trading. Now,
opinion, the cheat code to trading. Now, you need to be disciplined enough, you
you need to be disciplined enough, you need to have your psychology ready. But
need to have your psychology ready. But when it comes to the technicals, I would
when it comes to the technicals, I would say this is a cheat code. So, you enter
say this is a cheat code. So, you enter on the bounce. When you have the
on the bounce. When you have the alignment, you enter here using the
alignment, you enter here using the lower time frame. Now, trade to the next
lower time frame. Now, trade to the next higher time frame level. Why? Because
higher time frame level. Why? Because what we're doing is trading from a
what we're doing is trading from a higher time frame level to another.
higher time frame level to another. Target the next key level and direction
Target the next key level and direction is just established already. You already
is just established already. You already have the direction because the direction
have the direction because the direction would be from this level reaching this
would be from this level reaching this level to the next level. The move from
level to the next level. The move from here to here, that is your direction.
here to here, that is your direction. From a level to another. So, your
From a level to another. So, your direction here to the upside. Now,
direction here to the upside. Now, sometime price might not go there
sometime price might not go there immediately. So, reacting of this level,
immediately. So, reacting of this level, maybe price goes again and then goes up.
maybe price goes again and then goes up. So, what do we need to do instead? We
So, what do we need to do instead? We need to trail our stop losses and take
need to trail our stop losses and take some partials and secure ourselves
some partials and secure ourselves based on what is happening on the price
based on what is happening on the price action. So, we get some signals from the
action. So, we get some signals from the price action. If we need to hold this
price action. If we need to hold this trade, if we need to secure ourselves by
trade, if we need to secure ourselves by going break even, if we need to take
going break even, if we need to take some partials because we're reaching
some partials because we're reaching another
another minor [clears throat] level. So, all of
minor [clears throat] level. So, all of these things you need to also
these things you need to also understand. So, now let's cover some
understand. So, now let's cover some examples and there are a lot of
examples and there are a lot of examples. Now, this one is a random one.
examples. Now, this one is a random one. So, these ones are some of them I've
So, these ones are some of them I've taken, some of them are just worth going
taken, some of them are just worth going over. And there are some trades that
over. And there are some trades that I've taken and I do have a proof that
I've taken and I do have a proof that I've taken and then show you what
I've taken and then show you what happened after. Based on what? Based on
happened after. Based on what? Based on the edge model that I, you know, teach
the edge model that I, you know, teach in my edge school community, as well as
in my edge school community, as well as just the key levels. Now, what is the
just the key levels. Now, what is the key level that I use? It's this one
key level that I use? It's this one right here. Now, this is higher time
right here. Now, this is higher time frame, 4-hour. This is the view on the
frame, 4-hour. This is the view on the lower time frame, on a 15-minute. Now,
lower time frame, on a 15-minute. Now, let's look at this here. So, this is
let's look at this here. So, this is pound yen on a 4-hour time frame. If you
pound yen on a 4-hour time frame. If you notice here, now there is a disclaimer
notice here, now there is a disclaimer that not every key level is going to
that not every key level is going to work because sometime you're just
work because sometime you're just basically being wrong about the key
basically being wrong about the key level and sometime it's all random. The
level and sometime it's all random. The market is so random that sometime even
market is so random that sometime even if you execute your A+ setup, it can
if you execute your A+ setup, it can still fail, right? Now, this is my key
still fail, right? Now, this is my key level here. What is this? This is the
level here. What is this? This is the level that I teach in my edge school
level that I teach in my edge school community. We always execute based on
community. We always execute based on this one and why? Because it gives the
this one and why? Because it gives the best entries. It gives really snapper
best entries. It gives really snapper entries and very high reward to risk.
entries and very high reward to risk. So, imagine entering from here all the
So, imagine entering from here all the way to the next level. But taking some
way to the next level. But taking some partials here, here and then here. Now,
partials here, here and then here. Now, what do you think? We have a key level,
what do you think? We have a key level, price comes to that key level. What do
price comes to that key level. What do we do? We simply look at the lower time
we do? We simply look at the lower time frame exactly right here in order to
frame exactly right here in order to enter. Now, I could have a limit order
enter. Now, I could have a limit order here, but I don't know if this level is
here, but I don't know if this level is going to work. I need to find the
going to work. I need to find the alignment and then also go into the
alignment and then also go into the lower time frame. Finding the entry
lower time frame. Finding the entry there is going to give me more reward to
there is going to give me more reward to risk. So, let's see on the lower time
risk. So, let's see on the lower time frame. This is the level that we had
frame. This is the level that we had here. And notice what happened. Price
here. And notice what happened. Price come to this level on a 15-minute time
come to this level on a 15-minute time frame, reject lower strongly. Based on
frame, reject lower strongly. Based on entries, we enter here using the edge
entries, we enter here using the edge model. We enter here. So, imagine
model. We enter here. So, imagine entering here with a stop loss maybe, I
entering here with a stop loss maybe, I would say, just slightly above here,
would say, just slightly above here, here, and then target the next level.
here, and then target the next level. We're going to say maybe the next level
We're going to say maybe the next level is here. That is a huge reward to risk.
is here. That is a huge reward to risk. If this is your stop loss just this
If this is your stop loss just this small, then imagine how many reward to
small, then imagine how many reward to risk you're going to have. Now, going
risk you're going to have. Now, going back here, we have another key level.
back here, we have another key level. So, this is a key level and if you
So, this is a key level and if you notice these are exactly the same key
notice these are exactly the same key levels except this one, which is also
levels except this one, which is also another pattern that we teach. Now,
another pattern that we teach. Now, price comes here. What is the alignment?
price comes here. What is the alignment? You notice alignment here. Uh sometime
You notice alignment here. Uh sometime you're not going to even have the
you're not going to even have the ability to enter. Price is just going to
ability to enter. Price is just going to go to the key level and then immediately
go to the key level and then immediately shoots up. So, not necessarily that
shoots up. So, not necessarily that you're going to enter all of these.
you're going to enter all of these. But see how the key level is always
But see how the key level is always going to be establishing. Now, imagine,
going to be establishing. Now, imagine, what are we doing here? We're bullish,
what are we doing here? We're bullish, right? And then we have a break of
right? And then we have a break of structure to the upside. A break of
structure to the upside. A break of structure, a break of structure. Even
structure, a break of structure. Even shorts here, I could enter. It's against
shorts here, I could enter. It's against the direction. However, I still was able
the direction. However, I still was able to execute based on this one. How about
to execute based on this one. How about this one? Even though we were bearish
this one? Even though we were bearish here, I could still execute on this
here, I could still execute on this bullish key level here. And if we notice
bullish key level here. And if we notice on the lower time frame, entry here.
on the lower time frame, entry here. Maybe I'm not going to get this one. All
Maybe I'm not going to get this one. All right, but this one is a huge one. This
right, but this one is a huge one. This one I think I think this one we executed
one I think I think this one we executed together. Now, here, same thing. Key
together. Now, here, same thing. Key level. Price goes up and yeah, that's
level. Price goes up and yeah, that's [clears throat] huge. Now, let me go
[clears throat] huge. Now, let me go over some examples. Now, this is just an
over some examples. Now, this is just an example of how you can use key level
example of how you can use key level even without the need of direction. You
even without the need of direction. You don't need direction. That is just a
don't need direction. That is just a proof to you. And does not mean that
proof to you. And does not mean that I'll be able to spot all of these key
I'll be able to spot all of these key levels. They're actually much more. I
levels. They're actually much more. I would be losing some and
would be losing some and I'm pretty sure that my winnings
I'm pretty sure that my winnings are going to be much bigger. Now, let's
are going to be much bigger. Now, let's take a look at this. What we have is I
take a look at this. What we have is I do share some trades ideas. It's not
do share some trades ideas. It's not signals. They're just trade ideas to
signals. They're just trade ideas to teach you real time. Now, what I did
teach you real time. Now, what I did here is give a pound CAD idea here based
here is give a pound CAD idea here based on the key level on a higher time frame.
on the key level on a higher time frame. And then what I did is execute on the
And then what I did is execute on the lower time frame based on here. And this
lower time frame based on here. And this is the execution. Now, take a look at
is the execution. Now, take a look at what happened. This is based on the
what happened. This is based on the higher time frame key level. Same as
higher time frame key level. Same as what I taught you earlier. Price comes
what I taught you earlier. Price comes to that key level, entry on the lower
to that key level, entry on the lower time frame, going lower. Now, even
time frame, going lower. Now, even sometime you're going to have doubts
sometime you're going to have doubts about the direction, but the key levels
about the direction, but the key levels are going to give you that high reward
are going to give you that high reward to risk regardless of the direction. You
to risk regardless of the direction. You see? That is a level. This is the trade
see? That is a level. This is the trade that we entered from here. Immediately
that we entered from here. Immediately price pushing lower. Huge reward to
price pushing lower. Huge reward to risk.
risk. Now, take a look at this one here. So,
Now, take a look at this one here. So, dollar yen and then I give the idea that
dollar yen and then I give the idea that we are going to be pushing from here to
we are going to be pushing from here to the upside. And this is what we're
the upside. And this is what we're waiting for. So, price to push from
waiting for. So, price to push from here. And then I give the update that
here. And then I give the update that it's gone. Take a look at this one here.
it's gone. Take a look at this one here. What do we have is a key level and I
What do we have is a key level and I knew that is this is going to be huge
knew that is this is going to be huge and what happened after is price come
and what happened after is price come into this level, I was able to execute
into this level, I was able to execute on the lower time frame and price
on the lower time frame and price pushing higher. Now again,
pushing higher. Now again, this time it was not too clear, but if
this time it was not too clear, but if price comes to this key level, which is
price comes to this key level, which is higher, I was not seeing this one to be
higher, I was not seeing this one to be honest, so I did not execute this on
honest, so I did not execute this on this one, but this one was a huge trade
this one, but this one was a huge trade and then it followed all the way up
and then it followed all the way up here. Even we've been so bearish on the
here. Even we've been so bearish on the end, but then what happened is we pushed
end, but then what happened is we pushed higher. Now we've been pushing higher,
higher. Now we've been pushing higher, there is another key level where price
there is another key level where price reach. I also
reach. I also couldn't execute this on this one, it
couldn't execute this on this one, it was a bit tricky, but you see key level,
was a bit tricky, but you see key level, price react off. Now what happened?
price react off. Now what happened? Another key level,
Another key level, price reacted and then also executing
price reacted and then also executing this on this one
this on this one with a very tight stop loss and why?
with a very tight stop loss and why? Because I was able to find a lower time
Because I was able to find a lower time frame confirmation here and this allows
frame confirmation here and this allows me to have a smaller stop loss. Does
me to have a smaller stop loss. Does this mean this is going to work every
this mean this is going to work every time? Not really, but based on
time? Not really, but based on probabilities, it works and based on the
probabilities, it works and based on the higher reward to risk, even if I lose
higher reward to risk, even if I lose two, three, four times in a row, I could
two, three, four times in a row, I could still make up all that loss in one
still make up all that loss in one trade. Now Frank potential short here
trade. Now Frank potential short here and if you notice here, based on this
and if you notice here, based on this key level here, price reached and I gave
key level here, price reached and I gave the update just before this happened and
the update just before this happened and I noticed that this could be the lower
I noticed that this could be the lower high here and we could push lower. I
high here and we could push lower. I didn't get the first entry here, but it
didn't get the first entry here, but it just that I tried to get it, I couldn't.
just that I tried to get it, I couldn't. This means that even sometimes you're
This means that even sometimes you're going to
going to miss some trades, but then I followed
miss some trades, but then I followed with a continuation. If you notice key
with a continuation. If you notice key level here that I showed before, price
level here that I showed before, price come to that level, immediately goes
come to that level, immediately goes lower. Even we've been pushing higher
lower. Even we've been pushing higher here and some people would think that
here and some people would think that the daily bias is bullish. Then here,
the daily bias is bullish. Then here, another key level, so we have the
another key level, so we have the creation of a key level reaction here,
creation of a key level reaction here, key level created, sniper entry here,
key level created, sniper entry here, pushing lower. So this is how you trade
pushing lower. So this is how you trade based on just two things, higher time
based on just two things, higher time frame and lower time frame. You don't
frame and lower time frame. You don't need direction, direction could be
need direction, direction could be something secondary, could be something
something secondary, could be something as a confluence. If you like the video,
as a confluence. If you like the video, then make sure to hit the like button,
then make sure to hit the like button, subscribe to the channel and leave a
subscribe to the channel and leave a comment. If you have any questions about
comment. If you have any questions about this, then make sure to write it down in
this, then make sure to write it down in the comment section. Make sure to check
the comment section. Make sure to check my community, it's cool, the link in the
my community, it's cool, the link in the description. If you wanted to know my
description. If you wanted to know my full trading strategy and then the trade
full trading strategy and then the trade ideas that I shared, it's going to be
ideas that I shared, it's going to be there. That's it for today and I'll see
there. That's it for today and I'll see you next video.