In this video, I'll show you how to build your own trading strategy in only
build your own trading strategy in only 20 minutes and in only three steps.
20 minutes and in only three steps. Let's start. So, these are the three
Let's start. So, these are the three steps and components that I use for 7
steps and components that I use for 7 years of trading and until now in all my
years of trading and until now in all my trading setups and strategies and they
trading setups and strategies and they can actually be found in almost every
can actually be found in almost every trading strategy. So, at least these
trading strategy. So, at least these three, maybe more, but these three needs
three, maybe more, but these three needs to be found in every trading strategy.
to be found in every trading strategy. And actually, these are the same steps
And actually, these are the same steps that I also made the edge model out of
that I also made the edge model out of and this is the model I'm teaching my
and this is the model I'm teaching my student now in its cool in my community.
student now in its cool in my community. However, I'll be teaching you these
However, I'll be teaching you these three steps so you can actually build
three steps so you can actually build your own new strategy or you could
your own new strategy or you could improve the one you already have by
improve the one you already have by identifying your three main steps and
identifying your three main steps and then it's going to be more clear. But,
then it's going to be more clear. But, let's talk about the first step and that
let's talk about the first step and that is the direction and bias. Now,
is the direction and bias. Now, direction and bias, this step is all
direction and bias, this step is all about one main question and for every
about one main question and for every step, we're going to be covering one
step, we're going to be covering one main question that's going to explain
main question that's going to explain everything about this step. So, for this
everything about this step. So, for this one, it's all about where is price
one, it's all about where is price going? So, the main thing you want to
going? So, the main thing you want to understand from this step and one of the
understand from this step and one of the mistakes a lot of people do is doing
mistakes a lot of people do is doing multiple things in one step, which is
multiple things in one step, which is not going to work. So, for this specific
not going to work. So, for this specific step, all we want to identify is where
step, all we want to identify is where price is going. Is it going up or down?
price is going. Is it going up or down? And that's it. So, this could be done by
And that's it. So, this could be done by using market structure, by using this,
using market structure, by using this, you know, finding a high probability
you know, finding a high probability range, a sweep, POI, moving average and
range, a sweep, POI, moving average and a lot of other things. So, again, this
a lot of other things. So, again, this could be done by a lot of multiple ways,
could be done by a lot of multiple ways, but the main thing is the direction
but the main thing is the direction itself. Again, we could find it using
itself. Again, we could find it using market structure or ranges or a sweep.
market structure or ranges or a sweep. Now, if we take a look at this, we can
Now, if we take a look at this, we can see that we failed to displace above a
see that we failed to displace above a high and based on this, we can maybe
high and based on this, we can maybe predict that price is going to go lower.
predict that price is going to go lower. So, this is a sweep type. It's fake out
So, this is a sweep type. It's fake out or failing to close above or below a
or failing to close above or below a high or low. And then we have the market
high or low. And then we have the market structure. We also have market
structure. We also have market structure. So, for this one, based on
structure. So, for this one, based on this, I can see we have a break of
this, I can see we have a break of structure, we have a displacement and
structure, we have a displacement and price going, you know, strongly above a
price going, you know, strongly above a high. So, we close above and now what
high. So, we close above and now what I'm thinking that we are going to go up,
I'm thinking that we are going to go up, maybe until here and then go lower a bit
maybe until here and then go lower a bit and then continue to the upside. So,
and then continue to the upside. So, here the answer for this question, where
here the answer for this question, where is price going? The answer is going up.
is price going? The answer is going up. Now, here, where price is going? So, it
Now, here, where price is going? So, it looks like we're creating uh lower lows
looks like we're creating uh lower lows and then lower highs and in this case, I
and then lower highs and in this case, I can see price maybe continuing to the
can see price maybe continuing to the downside. And it's all based on this,
downside. And it's all based on this, based on the big picture, what are we
based on the big picture, what are we doing here? Are we going up or going
doing here? Are we going up or going down? And then you answer this question.
down? And then you answer this question. You could also find this using moving
You could also find this using moving average. So, you could have two moving
average. So, you could have two moving average, one uh slow and one is fast and
average, one uh slow and one is fast and you can then find where price is
you can then find where price is relative to the moving average or
relative to the moving average or where's the placement of the you know,
where's the placement of the you know, the price compared to the moving average
the price compared to the moving average and then you can identify the direction
and then you can identify the direction or the bias. So, it's all about what?
or the bias. So, it's all about what? It's all about where is price going? And
It's all about where is price going? And you could do this in multiple ways. Now,
you could do this in multiple ways. Now, for this one, the final answer for this
for this one, the final answer for this step is going to be, "Oh, I think we're
step is going to be, "Oh, I think we're bullish or we're bearish." It does not
bullish or we're bearish." It does not matter where price is going to react
matter where price is going to react off. It does not matter where price is
off. It does not matter where price is going to stop. Nothing matters. The only
going to stop. Nothing matters. The only thing that matters is where are we
thing that matters is where are we likely going to go to? Is it going to be
likely going to go to? Is it going to be bullish or bearish? And that's it.
bullish or bearish? And that's it. Before we continue, I've taken
Before we continue, I've taken everything I've learned over the past 7
everything I've learned over the past 7 years and put it into one place, Its
years and put it into one place, Its Cool. Inside, you will get the full
Cool. Inside, you will get the full blueprint to finally make it in trading,
blueprint to finally make it in trading, including the exact strategy I use every
including the exact strategy I use every day, the edge model. These are some of
day, the edge model. These are some of the trades I've taken with my members.
the trades I've taken with my members. You are welcome to join if you are ready
You are welcome to join if you are ready to make the real change in your trading.
to make the real change in your trading. Let's continue. Now, step two is key
Let's continue. Now, step two is key level and think about this as this main
level and think about this as this main question, where will price react? And
question, where will price react? And you want to think about it this way. So,
you want to think about it this way. So, even though we know that price is going
even though we know that price is going up now, so we know we have a bullish
up now, so we know we have a bullish break of structure here and we're about
break of structure here and we're about to retrace lower, maybe and it's not
to retrace lower, maybe and it's not that when I say we're bullish, that
that when I say we're bullish, that means I'm going to enter now and
means I'm going to enter now and anytime. It's not like that because
anytime. It's not like that because trading is all about probabilities and
trading is all about probabilities and about a good price position. So, from
about a good price position. So, from this, what I can see happening is that,
this, what I can see happening is that, okay, we're bullish now. That is the
okay, we're bullish now. That is the first question that we answer and that
first question that we answer and that is the first step. The second step is
is the first step. The second step is where will price react? And from this
where will price react? And from this range or you can also consider the main
range or you can also consider the main range, maybe from here if price was
range, maybe from here if price was going up, okay, and we have a low here.
going up, okay, and we have a low here. We can see that we have a key level
We can see that we have a key level here. This might be anything. This might
here. This might be anything. This might be part of market structure. This could
be part of market structure. This could be your Fibonacci zone. This could be
be your Fibonacci zone. This could be any support or resistance level or
any support or resistance level or anything, you know, fair value gap,
anything, you know, fair value gap, anything that you use and feel free to
anything that you use and feel free to use whatever you want. Uh for me, I do
use whatever you want. Uh for me, I do use specific things. Now, here is a key
use specific things. Now, here is a key level. There is another key level. There
level. There is another key level. There is another key level. And you mark the
is another key level. And you mark the ones that you can go with. So, I'm not
ones that you can go with. So, I'm not suggesting that you go with all key
suggesting that you go with all key levels. You look for the valid ones and
levels. You look for the valid ones and the third step is actually going to help
the third step is actually going to help you with that, too. So, I know that I
you with that, too. So, I know that I have this key level, this one, this one,
have this key level, this one, this one, this one. And I'm might go with this one
this one. And I'm might go with this one because I think this is more valid and
because I think this is more valid and maybe this one. And this is the
maybe this one. And this is the question, where will price react? So, I
question, where will price react? So, I say, "You know what? I think this one or
say, "You know what? I think this one or this one." And I'm going to keep an eye
this one." And I'm going to keep an eye at these two levels. Now, an example of
at these two levels. Now, an example of that is this here. So, if I zoom in,
that is this here. So, if I zoom in, what we have is price is going lower,
what we have is price is going lower, going up, going lower and we see that we
going up, going lower and we see that we have a huge price going lower, breaking
have a huge price going lower, breaking structure. So, based on the market
structure. So, based on the market structure, just based on the market
structure, just based on the market structure itself, I can say that we are
structure itself, I can say that we are about to go up now, but this is only a
about to go up now, but this is only a retracement. The direction or the bias
retracement. The direction or the bias or the answer for that question about
or the answer for that question about the bias, where are we going? The answer
the bias, where are we going? The answer is we're going bearish, we're going
is we're going bearish, we're going lower. Now, where are we going lower
lower. Now, where are we going lower from? And that is the answer of the key
from? And that is the answer of the key levels. So, we have this key level here.
levels. So, we have this key level here. We have this key level and we have this
We have this key level and we have this one and we have this one and probably
one and we have this one and probably other people, you know, different
other people, you know, different traders will have different key levels
traders will have different key levels depending on the
depending on the criteria for the key level. What is the
criteria for the key level. What is the key level itself? So, we do have
key level itself? So, we do have multiple key levels here. Now, this is
multiple key levels here. Now, this is where I think price might reverse from,
where I think price might reverse from, maybe here and maybe here and maybe
maybe here and maybe here and maybe here. And that is the second step.
here. And that is the second step. That's it. So, now I do have the
That's it. So, now I do have the direction, which is I think price is
direction, which is I think price is going lower. And now, for the second
going lower. And now, for the second step, I know where price could react off
step, I know where price could react off and I could maybe take this one or take
and I could maybe take this one or take this one, okay, and avoid maybe these or
this one, okay, and avoid maybe these or take this one and this one, the highest
take this one and this one, the highest two. And you have the freedom to pick
two. And you have the freedom to pick any key level you want and you can
any key level you want and you can develop the criteria because every step
develop the criteria because every step that I'm teaching you here can be very
that I'm teaching you here can be very simple and can be very complicated
simple and can be very complicated depending on what is below it. So, for
depending on what is below it. So, for example, for the key levels, I could
example, for the key levels, I could have a lot of other criteria, but the
have a lot of other criteria, but the main step is going to be identifying the
main step is going to be identifying the key levels, identifying where price
key levels, identifying where price could reverse from, okay?
could reverse from, okay? [clears throat]
[clears throat] Now, a key level in simple terms is
Now, a key level in simple terms is where your bias is going to continue.
where your bias is going to continue. So, if my bias here is bearish, where
So, if my bias here is bearish, where could my bias continue? So, as price is
could my bias continue? So, as price is going up, so price is going up, where
going up, so price is going up, where could my bias continue? My bias is
could my bias continue? My bias is bearish. So, where could price turn
bearish. So, where could price turn bearish again? Maybe here and maybe
bearish again? Maybe here and maybe here, to the lower side. And that is
here, to the lower side. And that is what a key level is. Now, the third step
what a key level is. Now, the third step is and it's the final one is the entry.
is and it's the final one is the entry. Now, the key question for the entry is
Now, the key question for the entry is when do you execute? So, if you go back
when do you execute? So, if you go back to the direction, it's where is price
to the direction, it's where is price going? So, it's about where and then for
going? So, it's about where and then for the second step is again where it's
the second step is again where it's going to react, okay? So, where it's
going to react, okay? So, where it's going to, where it's going to react and
going to, where it's going to react and now we are, you know, discussing when do
now we are, you know, discussing when do you execute? So, when do you actually
you execute? So, when do you actually enter the trade? Now, think about the
enter the trade? Now, think about the third step is the confirmation if the
third step is the confirmation if the key level is going to hold. So, this is
key level is going to hold. So, this is the third step because let's say we have
the third step because let's say we have three key levels and I actually think
three key levels and I actually think all three are valid. I cannot just enter
all three are valid. I cannot just enter at all three because some of them,
at all three because some of them, because if I'm looking for the first
because if I'm looking for the first one, so if I have three levels, if I'm
one, so if I have three levels, if I'm looking only at the first one, that
looking only at the first one, that means the other two are going to fail.
means the other two are going to fail. Or if I'm setting a limit order at all
Or if I'm setting a limit order at all of these, that means I have some doubts
of these, that means I have some doubts about all of the key levels because some
about all of the key levels because some of them are going to not work and some
of them are going to not work and some of them are going to work. So, what is
of them are going to work. So, what is the solution? Is looking for
the solution? Is looking for confirmation at the key level. So,
confirmation at the key level. So, confirmation again, it's if the key
confirmation again, it's if the key level is going to hold. It's confirming
level is going to hold. It's confirming if it's going to hold or not. Now, think
if it's going to hold or not. Now, think about it this way. Let's say we have the
about it this way. Let's say we have the first step here, which is what?
first step here, which is what? Direction. So, I could establish the
Direction. So, I could establish the direction using market structure. You
direction using market structure. You can see we create a high, we go lower
can see we create a high, we go lower inside of the main range and then we
inside of the main range and then we break the high again. So, now we have a
break the high again. So, now we have a break of structure, we have the first
break of structure, we have the first step done. So, now we understand the
step done. So, now we understand the where question is where we going? We're
where question is where we going? We're going up. And the other question of the
going up. And the other question of the step two is where are we going to react
step two is where are we going to react off, okay? And the answer is maybe this
off, okay? And the answer is maybe this key level. And there is no other key
key level. And there is no other key level, maybe one here and maybe one
level, maybe one here and maybe one here. But now, price comes to the key
here. But now, price comes to the key level here. What are you going to do? In
level here. What are you going to do? In order to confirm if this is a valid one,
order to confirm if this is a valid one, is look for confirmation just inside
is look for confirmation just inside here. So, here you want to look for
here. So, here you want to look for confirmation and confirmation in simple
confirmation and confirmation in simple words is the alignment of the lower time
words is the alignment of the lower time frame entry with the key level itself.
frame entry with the key level itself. So, here. And the alignment also in
So, here. And the alignment also in other word, now the alignment or the Uh,
other word, now the alignment or the Uh, entry can be in different ways. So, we
entry can be in different ways. So, we could have the candle entry and that
could have the candle entry and that means simply when price reach that key
means simply when price reach that key level, what I want to see inside is a
level, what I want to see inside is a simple candle. This could be an
simple candle. This could be an engulfing candle. This could be a pin
engulfing candle. This could be a pin bar or dodgy. For example, small body
bar or dodgy. For example, small body and that means we could have weakness or
and that means we could have weakness or strength. So, if price is coming to a
strength. So, if price is coming to a bullish key level and I see this type of
bullish key level and I see this type of candle, maybe it's telling me that there
candle, maybe it's telling me that there is weakness and I could enter based on a
is weakness and I could enter based on a candle and there's no problem with that.
candle and there's no problem with that. You could also have a structure entry.
You could also have a structure entry. Now, one thing is a structure entry
Now, one thing is a structure entry could be just a candle entry on another
could be just a candle entry on another time frame. So, if you're looking at two
time frame. So, if you're looking at two different time frames, higher time frame
different time frames, higher time frame could be just one candle and in lower
could be just one candle and in lower time frame it could be a structure. Now,
time frame it could be a structure. Now, structure entry is just simply looking
structure entry is just simply looking for a market structure shift at the key
for a market structure shift at the key level. So, we have a key level here.
level. So, we have a key level here. When price reach that, give a clean
When price reach that, give a clean structure, you could look for the
structure, you could look for the continuation of a key level on the lower
continuation of a key level on the lower time frame or just enter immediately
time frame or just enter immediately here and then you can catch the move.
here and then you can catch the move. So, it's all about what? Finding the
So, it's all about what? Finding the alignment between the key level and the
alignment between the key level and the entry itself. Whenever we have a key
entry itself. Whenever we have a key level that is bullish, so in this
level that is bullish, so in this example bullish and then I can see that
example bullish and then I can see that when price reach that key level, it
when price reach that key level, it turns out bullish. That means there is
turns out bullish. That means there is alignment and that is the entry. Now,
alignment and that is the entry. Now, one thing we need to actually apply is
one thing we need to actually apply is the time frame alignment. So, for this
the time frame alignment. So, for this specific thing, time frame alignment is
specific thing, time frame alignment is very important. It's going to Now, you
very important. It's going to Now, you could do all of this in one time frame.
could do all of this in one time frame. However, it's going to result in lower
However, it's going to result in lower reward to risk. Maybe maybe good win
reward to risk. Maybe maybe good win rate, okay? But it's going to give you
rate, okay? But it's going to give you much lower reward to risk. Maybe only
much lower reward to risk. Maybe only third or actually maybe less of the
third or actually maybe less of the reward to risk. So, if you have, you
reward to risk. So, if you have, you know,
know, let's say two to one two to one reward
let's say two to one two to one reward to risk. With the time frame alignment,
to risk. With the time frame alignment, you could take that to five to one six
you could take that to five to one six to one or maybe more. Okay? Now, the
to one or maybe more. Okay? Now, the first type of time frame alignment is
first type of time frame alignment is this one. We're going to be using only
this one. We're going to be using only higher time frame and lower time frame.
higher time frame and lower time frame. So, for the higher time frame, we're
So, for the higher time frame, we're going to be looking for the direction.
going to be looking for the direction. That is step one and for the key level
That is step one and for the key level and that is step two. For the lower time
and that is step two. For the lower time frame, we're going to look for the
frame, we're going to look for the entry. So, only using two time frames,
entry. So, only using two time frames, which is higher time frame and lower
which is higher time frame and lower time frame. Now, there is another type
time frame. Now, there is another type where we're going to be using three
where we're going to be using three different time frames. It's going to be
different time frames. It's going to be higher time frame, intermediate time
higher time frame, intermediate time frame and lower time frame. Direction
frame and lower time frame. Direction for the first step with for the higher
for the first step with for the higher time frame, then a key level and finally
time frame, then a key level and finally an entry. And each of these steps is
an entry. And each of these steps is going to be on a different time frame.
going to be on a different time frame. For the time frame alignment, we're not
For the time frame alignment, we're not going to be going over different and
going to be going over different and random time frames. No, we have specific
random time frames. No, we have specific time frame alignment to follow. So, if
time frame alignment to follow. So, if you're using 4-hour as your higher time
you're using 4-hour as your higher time frame, you're going to look for
frame, you're going to look for 15-minute as your lower time frame,
15-minute as your lower time frame, daily to 1-hour, weekly to 4-hour. As we
daily to 1-hour, weekly to 4-hour. As we go lower here, the frequency of trades
go lower here, the frequency of trades is going to be higher and the time to
is going to be higher and the time to hold the trades is going to be lower.
hold the trades is going to be lower. So, starting from here, this is more for
So, starting from here, this is more for scalping and as you go up, you could
scalping and as you go up, you could actually swing trades here and yeah,
actually swing trades here and yeah, this is how it goes. So, make sure to
this is how it goes. So, make sure to only use these and not just
only use these and not just [clears throat] go off random time
[clears throat] go off random time frames. So, now as an example, we're
frames. So, now as an example, we're going to be looking at this the same
going to be looking at this the same screenshot that I gave you earlier
screenshot that I gave you earlier regarding the direction and key levels,
regarding the direction and key levels, but now to put it all together. So, we
but now to put it all together. So, we have direction going lower. Okay, we
have direction going lower. Okay, we have a main breaker structure. Some
have a main breaker structure. Some people could see this in a very
people could see this in a very different way. That's why it's about a
different way. That's why it's about a trading plan. It's about having the main
trading plan. It's about having the main steps, but the criteria inside could be
steps, but the criteria inside could be totally different. So, what what I could
totally different. So, what what I could see here as a bearish, some people based
see here as a bearish, some people based on different strategies could see it in
on different strategies could see it in a different way. Could see it bullish,
a different way. Could see it bullish, okay? So, for this one, I'm seeing this
okay? So, for this one, I'm seeing this as a bearish with the key levels that I
as a bearish with the key levels that I have. When I do have a lot of key
have. When I do have a lot of key levels, I would maybe prefer to look for
levels, I would maybe prefer to look for the two highest key levels or maybe
the two highest key levels or maybe three. But we're going to keep an eye at
three. But we're going to keep an eye at all of these. We're using 4-hour as our
all of these. We're using 4-hour as our higher time frame. We're going to be
higher time frame. We're going to be looking at 15-minute reaction of these
looking at 15-minute reaction of these levels. So, now if I play the price
levels. So, now if I play the price action here, as you can see, price is
action here, as you can see, price is going up. Uh, then we have So, mainly
going up. Uh, then we have So, mainly I'm not going to take this one, but
I'm not going to take this one, but we're going to keep an eye at it, okay?
we're going to keep an eye at it, okay? For the sake of the video. Now, we're
For the sake of the video. Now, we're going to be looking for breaker
going to be looking for breaker structure or market structure shift off
structure or market structure shift off these levels, okay? Now, notice what
these levels, okay? Now, notice what happened here. As price come into this
happened here. As price come into this level, we had no market structure shift.
level, we had no market structure shift. Price is going up and market structure
Price is going up and market structure shift I would say is the kind of the
shift I would say is the kind of the safest entry that you could have.
safest entry that you could have. However, here what we have is price
However, here what we have is price going up to this level, going lower,
going up to this level, going lower, creating a low and then we have other
creating a low and then we have other So, this is a strong level here where
So, this is a strong level here where price closed below, okay? Also below
price closed below, okay? Also below this level, the main one here and that
this level, the main one here and that is a market structure shift. So, what
is a market structure shift. So, what you could do here is mainly I would have
you could do here is mainly I would have a limit order here, but price did not
a limit order here, but price did not reach. Also at this level here, okay?
reach. Also at this level here, okay? For the sake of the video, stop loss.
For the sake of the video, stop loss. Uh, for this one, I think I'm going to
Uh, for this one, I think I'm going to have a limit order here and then stop
have a limit order here and then stop loss above the zone. Okay? And then
loss above the zone. Okay? And then maybe looking for
maybe looking for any target, okay? And then playing the
any target, okay? And then playing the price action, we can see price goes
price action, we can see price goes lower. Then I'm going to go to the
lower. Then I'm going to go to the 4-hour very quick.
4-hour very quick. And you can see Okay? Price started
And you can see Okay? Price started going lower from there. Okay? So, I
going lower from there. Okay? So, I think we get in here. I supposed, okay?
think we get in here. I supposed, okay? Yes. So, we get an entry here and then
Yes. So, we get an entry here and then we started going lower. So, only about
we started going lower. So, only about uh, 2.5 was presented here. Then we go
uh, 2.5 was presented here. Then we go to the next level, which is here.
to the next level, which is here. And notice what happened. What we have
And notice what happened. What we have is price going up. Okay? Going lower.
is price going up. Okay? Going lower. That is breaker structure. Some people
That is breaker structure. Some people would consider this risky. Some people
would consider this risky. Some people would consider as a valid one. As we're
would consider as a valid one. As we're going lower, where's the key level? This
going lower, where's the key level? This is my one of my favorite ones, okay? And
is my one of my favorite ones, okay? And then stop loss above the high and then
then stop loss above the high and then targeting whatever. Now, for this one,
targeting whatever. Now, for this one, it gave a huge five to one, okay? Let's
it gave a huge five to one, okay? Let's see on the 4-hour. So, what validate
see on the 4-hour. So, what validate this is the lower time frame alignment.
this is the lower time frame alignment. Price started going lower aggressively
Price started going lower aggressively and then actually continuing much more
and then actually continuing much more lower. So, if you notice, this is eight
lower. So, if you notice, this is eight to one. Now, price goes back again to
to one. Now, price goes back again to the same level, okay? But actually
the same level, okay? But actually actually another level that I can see
actually another level that I can see here as well. Okay, that is another one
here as well. Okay, that is another one here. We go to 15-minute time frame.
here. We go to 15-minute time frame. You notice as we go up here, we respect
You notice as we go up here, we respect that one. Now, if you wanted, you could
that one. Now, if you wanted, you could take engulfing candle. You could take
take engulfing candle. You could take any confirmation that you can
any confirmation that you can confirm here. Any confirmation entry
confirm here. Any confirmation entry that you prefer. So, now price is going
that you prefer. So, now price is going lower. There's no clean breaker
lower. There's no clean breaker structure until here.
structure until here. Okay, we have a breaker structure and
Okay, we have a breaker structure and then price started going lower. What is
then price started going lower. What is a key level that you can take here? That
a key level that you can take here? That is a key level here, okay? You have an
is a key level here, okay? You have an imbalance as well and then this is not
imbalance as well and then this is not telling you that I'm going to take my
telling you that I'm going to take my trade from here. It's about how to find
trade from here. It's about how to find the confirmation. Okay, and how to align
the confirmation. Okay, and how to align the key level even if it's not, you
the key level even if it's not, you know, if it's not going to continue to
know, if it's not going to continue to the lower side, but still going to give
the lower side, but still going to give some reaction that you can get a lot of
some reaction that you can get a lot of higher reward to risk out of it, okay?
higher reward to risk out of it, okay? So, this is how you do it. You find the
So, this is how you do it. You find the alignment between the two. Now, I'm just
alignment between the two. Now, I'm just curious to see what's going to happen at
curious to see what's going to happen at the
the the level I'm having above. Do you see?
the level I'm having above. Do you see? I know that the direction is lower. It
I know that the direction is lower. It might not go lower because now I can see
might not go lower because now I can see that price is trying to go up and trying
that price is trying to go up and trying to go up. So, it might not be the, you
to go up. So, it might not be the, you know, the move that price is going to go
know, the move that price is going to go here and then continue lower breaking
here and then continue lower breaking structure. Maybe not like this. Maybe
structure. Maybe not like this. Maybe just going inside this main range and
just going inside this main range and then continuing higher, but I can still
then continuing higher, but I can still see based on the key levels that price
see based on the key levels that price is going to give reaction and then
is going to give reaction and then continue in either direction and it does
continue in either direction and it does not matter. So, we can see here price is
not matter. So, we can see here price is approaching the key level, okay?
approaching the key level, okay? [clears throat] Now, it's going to the
[clears throat] Now, it's going to the key level. Now, let's see the 15-minutes
key level. Now, let's see the 15-minutes if we have any breaker structure, okay?
if we have any breaker structure, okay? So, as price come in, you know, when the
So, as price come in, you know, when the first retest, no breaker structure. Now,
first retest, no breaker structure. Now, based on what I see here, I can see that
based on what I see here, I can see that there is a lot of weakness happening.
there is a lot of weakness happening. So, there is still no breaker structure
So, there is still no breaker structure or market structure shift, which is
or market structure shift, which is going to be here or maybe here for more
going to be here or maybe here for more confirmed one. However, what I can see
confirmed one. However, what I can see happening is that this is some there's
happening is that this is some there's some weakness here and you can take this
some weakness here and you can take this as a risky entry, but you need to have a
as a risky entry, but you need to have a bit of a wide stop loss because this is
bit of a wide stop loss because this is again a risky one and it does not
again a risky one and it does not there's no confirmation that price is
there's no confirmation that price is already breaking structure. So, this
already breaking structure. So, this could be a bit risky, okay? And you can
could be a bit risky, okay? And you can take a trade here and then maybe add
take a trade here and then maybe add more with with another confirmation,
more with with another confirmation, which could be a market structure shift.
which could be a market structure shift. So, let's see what happened. Price
So, let's see what happened. Price actually going up, okay?
actually going up, okay? So, very close a bit close to the stop
So, very close a bit close to the stop loss.
loss. Now, what happened here is
Now, what happened here is price takes age of high, started going
price takes age of high, started going lower. This could be This is an
lower. This could be This is an engulfing candle. You could have also
engulfing candle. You could have also taken this one if you trade candles.
taken this one if you trade candles. Okay?
Okay? And then we have the main breaker
And then we have the main breaker structure, which I said here. Breaker
structure, which I said here. Breaker structure, you could take the
structure, you could take the continuation of this imbalance as an
continuation of this imbalance as an example. Okay, and same stop loss. So,
example. Okay, and same stop loss. So, you see a lot of different confirmations
you see a lot of different confirmations that you can take, but each one needs to
that you can take, but each one needs to be taken with a
be taken with a kind of logical stop loss compared and
kind of logical stop loss compared and relative to the confirmation itself.
relative to the confirmation itself. Okay, so now looking at the 4-hour now,
Okay, so now looking at the 4-hour now, take a look at how these are very nice
take a look at how these are very nice entries. So, even though price was still
entries. So, even though price was still kind of continuing to the upside, but
kind of continuing to the upside, but these key levels give you higher reward
these key levels give you higher reward to risk still. And that's it for the
to risk still. And that's it for the video. All you need is to identify the
video. All you need is to identify the three steps and what goes below them and
three steps and what goes below them and you will have a trading plan. That's it
you will have a trading plan. That's it for the video. Make sure to hit the like
for the video. Make sure to hit the like button, subscribe to the channel, leave
button, subscribe to the channel, leave a comment, and then make sure to check
a comment, and then make sure to check out It's Cool, my community, if you want
out It's Cool, my community, if you want to check my classes and trade with me.
to check my classes and trade with me. That's it and I'll see you next one.
That's it and I'll see you next one. Bye-bye.