After 8 years of trading, this is still one of my favorite high reward risk
one of my favorite high reward risk scalping setups. It's called the
scalping setups. It's called the weakness rectangle setup and it uses one
weakness rectangle setup and it uses one simple rectangle to catch the first sign
simple rectangle to catch the first sign of reversal early before everyone else.
of reversal early before everyone else. It works on all pairs anytime of the day
It works on all pairs anytime of the day and in this video I'll cover the basics,
and in this video I'll cover the basics, the steps, examples and some tips to
the steps, examples and some tips to help you get even better trades. I'll
help you get even better trades. I'll also give you a free ebook with all the
also give you a free ebook with all the details you need at the end of the
details you need at the end of the video. Let's start. Okay, so I don't
video. Let's start. Okay, so I don't waste your time and you know what you're
waste your time and you know what you're getting. You're looking for one to one
getting. You're looking for one to one reward to risk trades, then this video
reward to risk trades, then this video is not for you and there is nothing
is not for you and there is nothing against that. But this setup focuses
against that. But this setup focuses more on trades like this. You take a
more on trades like this. You take a trade and that's the profit you get
trade and that's the profit you get about five to one, sometime even more.
about five to one, sometime even more. And there are also other times where you
And there are also other times where you have losses and that's part of the game.
have losses and that's part of the game. That's what actually every setup has. So
That's what actually every setup has. So if you prefer something with high reward
if you prefer something with high reward to risk, mechanical, repeatable as well
to risk, mechanical, repeatable as well and only focus on one rectangle or one
and only focus on one rectangle or one box for the entry, then this video is
box for the entry, then this video is for you. Now this setup works on every
for you. Now this setup works on every market and anytime of the day. That
market and anytime of the day. That means you can use it on Nasdaq or S&amp;P
means you can use it on Nasdaq or S&amp;P 500. You can use it also with gold, euro
500. You can use it also with gold, euro dollar, pound dollar and all of the
dollar, pound dollar and all of the other forex pairs that start with a USD
other forex pairs that start with a USD and you can also try it with the cross
and you can also try it with the cross pairs. And also it works on Asia, New
pairs. And also it works on Asia, New York and London meaning that you can
York and London meaning that you can take this trade anytime of the day and
take this trade anytime of the day and we'll be using the 15-minute time frame
we'll be using the 15-minute time frame as the main time frame and then the
as the main time frame and then the 1-minute time frame for the execution.
1-minute time frame for the execution. So I want you to think with me here on
So I want you to think with me here on how everyone almost trades reversal. So
how everyone almost trades reversal. So what they need to see is that we failed
what they need to see is that we failed to close below a low and then we have a
to close below a low and then we have a break of structure. That means now we
break of structure. That means now we have a range from here to here to trade
have a range from here to here to trade the continuation. So this is the first
the continuation. So this is the first sign of reversal. But if we go deeper
sign of reversal. But if we go deeper and deeper or even before, so before
and deeper or even before, so before this happen, some people would be
this happen, some people would be trading based on this candle or as the
trading based on this candle or as the beginning of the reversal. But we're
beginning of the reversal. But we're going to be focusing on the very
going to be focusing on the very beginning of a reversal. And every
beginning of a reversal. And every reversal starts with something unique
reversal starts with something unique here, which is a wick. Now, this wick
here, which is a wick. Now, this wick here, if you go also here, you will
here, if you go also here, you will notice that it started with a wick. And
notice that it started with a wick. And wick can be happening in different forms
wick can be happening in different forms and different conditions. Not every wick
and different conditions. Not every wick you'll be able to trade, but we'll focus
you'll be able to trade, but we'll focus on one that we can actually trade, which
on one that we can actually trade, which is this one right here. So, what a lot
is this one right here. So, what a lot of people would do is they'll be waiting
of people would do is they'll be waiting for a break of structure and then a
for a break of structure and then a retracement and maybe entering here. So,
retracement and maybe entering here. So, an entry maybe maybe a limit order here
an entry maybe maybe a limit order here with a stop loss here and then take
with a stop loss here and then take profit one to one. What you can actually
profit one to one. What you can actually do is enter before everyone. Yes, it's
do is enter before everyone. Yes, it's going to be a bit more risky, but it's
going to be a bit more risky, but it's going to give you much higher water risk
going to give you much higher water risk and even if you were against the trend,
and even if you were against the trend, you'll still have this move and sometime
you'll still have this move and sometime price will go lower, but you already got
price will go lower, but you already got your higher water risk from this trade
your higher water risk from this trade already. So, the beginning of a reversal
already. So, the beginning of a reversal is always a wick. And that's where
is always a wick. And that's where you're going to be entering at the
you're going to be entering at the beginning of the weakness, at the
beginning of the weakness, at the beginning of the reversal. So, you enter
beginning of the reversal. So, you enter here and we're going to be drawing a
here and we're going to be drawing a rectangle going higher and even some
rectangle going higher and even some people would be entering here, but you
people would be entering here, but you already took your profit. And before we
already took your profit. And before we go into the steps and the tips and the
go into the steps and the tips and the examples, let's understand the first
examples, let's understand the first sign of reversal, which is the weakness.
sign of reversal, which is the weakness. So, if we zoom in here and what I want
So, if we zoom in here and what I want to see is whenever we have a low, I want
to see is whenever we have a low, I want to see a bearish candle taking the low,
to see a bearish candle taking the low, but closing above. And this needs to be
but closing above. And this needs to be a bearish candle. Now, yes, you could be
a bearish candle. Now, yes, you could be also entering with a bullish candle, but
also entering with a bullish candle, but to apply the setup, the specific setup
to apply the setup, the specific setup for today, you need to have a bearish
for today, you need to have a bearish candle. In the other scenario, okay, if
candle. In the other scenario, okay, if I have a bearish candle here and this is
I have a bearish candle here and this is a high, I want to see this high taken
a high, I want to see this high taken with a bullish candle. So, this needs to
with a bullish candle. So, this needs to be like this. And that's where the first
be like this. And that's where the first step is. Now, one thing to mention is
step is. Now, one thing to mention is that a lot of people are having success
that a lot of people are having success with the rectangle method, but it's a
with the rectangle method, but it's a small part of what I'm teaching now in
small part of what I'm teaching now in its school, the edge model, my setup.
its school, the edge model, my setup. So, if you think that you need something
So, if you think that you need something more universal and something that works
more universal and something that works on different time frames, then edge
on different time frames, then edge model is here. There are people making
model is here. There are people making 10 hour trades, 20R, and 12R, 18R. These
10 hour trades, 20R, and 12R, 18R. These are the types of trades that I take in
are the types of trades that I take in its school. If you are interested in
its school. If you are interested in this, the link is in the description.
this, the link is in the description. Now, one thing I also want to mention is
Now, one thing I also want to mention is that there are two methods to trade the
that there are two methods to trade the setup. There is a method of basically
setup. There is a method of basically trying to trade based on every single
trying to trade based on every single high and low or every single weakness.
high and low or every single weakness. So, the moment I have a weakness here,
So, the moment I have a weakness here, I'll be entering, and the moment I have
I'll be entering, and the moment I have a weakness here, I would enter, I would
a weakness here, I would enter, I would enter here. But, that's not going to
enter here. But, that's not going to give you the best results. We want to
give you the best results. We want to focus more on quality more than
focus more on quality more than quantity, meaning that I want to have a
quantity, meaning that I want to have a smaller number of trades, but the result
smaller number of trades, but the result is going to be much better, meaning that
is going to be much better, meaning that I would only focus on high probability
I would only focus on high probability scenarios, taking a trade from here,
scenarios, taking a trade from here, going lower, and I will not be engaging
going lower, and I will not be engaging with this, and maybe have an entry from
with this, and maybe have an entry from here to here. So, now going to the
here to here. So, now going to the chart, there are three main steps that
chart, there are three main steps that we need to follow in this setup, and
we need to follow in this setup, and each step could be followed in a
each step could be followed in a different way. And I want to be honest
different way. And I want to be honest with you here. The more you focus on the
with you here. The more you focus on the high probability conditions, and the
high probability conditions, and the more you master the setup, and the more
more you master the setup, and the more you apply your experience, you'll be
you apply your experience, you'll be having better results. So, I do
having better results. So, I do recommend that you practice something
recommend that you practice something before you just apply it and then expect
before you just apply it and then expect a result from the first day, which is
a result from the first day, which is never going to happen, and you will stay
never going to happen, and you will stay in the same loop. So, going back into
in the same loop. So, going back into this, the first step is direction, and
this, the first step is direction, and direction could be seen in different
direction could be seen in different ways. So, it could be simply looking for
ways. So, it could be simply looking for a structure. So, I could simply say,
a structure. So, I could simply say, "You know what? I'm looking for a
"You know what? I'm looking for a structure lower, and the structure
structure lower, and the structure itself is going to be my direction."
itself is going to be my direction." That is right. You could be using a
That is right. You could be using a moving average or VWAP, a daily candle,
moving average or VWAP, a daily candle, you know, you could do this your own
you know, you could do this your own way, but I'll give you one simple
way, but I'll give you one simple framework to follow here, which is
framework to follow here, which is focusing on one fresh range. I want to
focusing on one fresh range. I want to see price breaking structure, retracing
see price breaking structure, retracing immediately, and staying inside the
immediately, and staying inside the range. This gives me a fresh range, and
range. This gives me a fresh range, and I can trade based on this. And this
I can trade based on this. And this range needs to break a structure, needs
range needs to break a structure, needs to have weakness at the top. Now, this
to have weakness at the top. Now, this is one way, or if you simply think that
is one way, or if you simply think that you are trading with a trend, then yes.
you are trading with a trend, then yes. If you think that you're trading bearish
If you think that you're trading bearish now, you could focus on highs. And if
now, you could focus on highs. And if you're trading bullish, then you focus
you're trading bullish, then you focus on lows. So, it could be as simple as
on lows. So, it could be as simple as that. I'll show you different ways of
that. I'll show you different ways of doing this. So, based on the the whole
doing this. So, based on the the whole move here, I think we're pushing lower
move here, I think we're pushing lower now. So, what I can do is look for and
now. So, what I can do is look for and that is the second step now, is look for
that is the second step now, is look for a valid high or low. And when I say a
a valid high or low. And when I say a valid, and that's something that we're
valid, and that's something that we're also going to be covering on the tips,
also going to be covering on the tips, but I'm going to give you an overview of
but I'm going to give you an overview of it. So, what I want to see is I want to
it. So, what I want to see is I want to see a high being taken into a key level.
see a high being taken into a key level. And one of the easiest key level to use
And one of the easiest key level to use is an imbalance. So, you can notice that
is an imbalance. So, you can notice that we do have an imbalance here, and that
we do have an imbalance here, and that is partially filled, and I can notice
is partially filled, and I can notice that we're actually pushing lower. I
that we're actually pushing lower. I don't have a fresh range here. There are
don't have a fresh range here. There are a lot of movement here, but then I can
a lot of movement here, but then I can notice that we do have this move going
notice that we do have this move going lower from here to here, and we filled
lower from here to here, and we filled only a small part of the imbalance, and
only a small part of the imbalance, and then we continue lower all the way until
then we continue lower all the way until here, and then we start going higher.
here, and then we start going higher. And the moment we go above this high, we
And the moment we go above this high, we failed to displace above, or we failed
failed to displace above, or we failed to close above, and we had a rejection,
to close above, and we had a rejection, mostly from the 50% of the imbalance.
mostly from the 50% of the imbalance. That is, for example, a valid high. So,
That is, for example, a valid high. So, let's also look at this one right here.
let's also look at this one right here. As we're pushing higher, and we have a
As we're pushing higher, and we have a range from here to here, and we're
range from here to here, and we're staying inside the range, going lower,
staying inside the range, going lower, and this is not into an imbalance. But
and this is not into an imbalance. But what I can see is that we have this low
what I can see is that we have this low being taken right here with a bearish
being taken right here with a bearish candle, meaning that this is a potential
candle, meaning that this is a potential setup here. Now, we're going to be
setup here. Now, we're going to be taking this as an example. Now, some
taking this as an example. Now, some people would be asking, "Why not this?"
people would be asking, "Why not this?" Because this one was taken with a better
Because this one was taken with a better scandal. And because this is a high, it
scandal. And because this is a high, it needs to be taken with a bullish candle.
needs to be taken with a bullish candle. As an example here, another one is here,
As an example here, another one is here, taking this with a bearish candle. So,
taking this with a bearish candle. So, taking the low with a bearish candle is
taking the low with a bearish candle is a valid one, and we could have an entry
a valid one, and we could have an entry here. But, if you watch the video until
here. But, if you watch the video until the end for the fifth sections, then you
the end for the fifth sections, then you would know why this is not the best and
would know why this is not the best and the highest probability condition. Now,
the highest probability condition. Now, using a replay, what we can do is after
using a replay, what we can do is after this, after closing bullish but below
this, after closing bullish but below the high, that's where you have the
the high, that's where you have the confirmation and you could be looking
confirmation and you could be looking for the entry. The entry is as simple as
for the entry. The entry is as simple as this. You'll be looking at the closing
this. You'll be looking at the closing price of this candle all the way until
price of this candle all the way until the high, all the way to the high, and
the high, all the way to the high, and then you'll be switching to the 1-minute
then you'll be switching to the 1-minute time frame. And it's going to be simple.
time frame. And it's going to be simple. Now, here you could be doing your own
Now, here you could be doing your own thing. What I mean is that if you want
thing. What I mean is that if you want to look for a break of structure, then
to look for a break of structure, then yes, you could do that and have a limit
yes, you could do that and have a limit order here. But, the easiest one and the
order here. But, the easiest one and the most simple one is simply a closure
most simple one is simply a closure below the rectangle. So, this is the
below the rectangle. So, this is the rectangle that we draw the box. The
rectangle that we draw the box. The moment we close below, that's your
moment we close below, that's your entry. Okay? So, playing the price
entry. Okay? So, playing the price action, let's see. We close bearish,
action, let's see. We close bearish, yes. Some people would be looking at an
yes. Some people would be looking at an entry here. What I will do a lot of
entry here. What I will do a lot of times in order to have the best entry is
times in order to have the best entry is wait for a retracement and a stop loss
wait for a retracement and a stop loss above above the rectangle right here.
above above the rectangle right here. Going back to the 15 minutes, I'll be
Going back to the 15 minutes, I'll be looking for the next either a S&amp;R level
looking for the next either a S&amp;R level or the valid low or valid high. So, I
or the valid low or valid high. So, I might be targeting this. I might be
might be targeting this. I might be looking for this level here. I might be
looking for this level here. I might be looking also for this imbalance. So,
looking also for this imbalance. So, let's say we're going to be taking here
let's say we're going to be taking here and then
and then let it run after. But, let's see what
let it run after. But, let's see what happened. Price goes lower, and that's a
happened. Price goes lower, and that's a huge one. I mean, this reached a 15:1,
huge one. I mean, this reached a 15:1, an insane one. But, in this case, I
an insane one. But, in this case, I don't think price retraced back into the
don't think price retraced back into the entry. So, yeah. So, in this time, price
entry. So, yeah. So, in this time, price closed lower, and you would be deciding
closed lower, and you would be deciding between either waiting for a retracement
between either waiting for a retracement or just simply entering at the closure.
or just simply entering at the closure. A lot of time, if you want the safest
A lot of time, if you want the safest entry and entering every time, then
entry and entering every time, then you'll be going here, entry here, market
you'll be going here, entry here, market order, stop loss above. And that's also
order, stop loss above. And that's also still going to give you
still going to give you a very high reward to risk ratio.
a very high reward to risk ratio. They're going to look at this, an 8:1
They're going to look at this, an 8:1 targeting this level. Okay, now if you
targeting this level. Okay, now if you take a look at this one here, and after
take a look at this one here, and after taking the low, drawing the rectangle,
taking the low, drawing the rectangle, as simple as that. Go into the 1-minute
as simple as that. Go into the 1-minute timeframe, the moment we close outside
timeframe, the moment we close outside the rectangle, this is not a good
the rectangle, this is not a good closure for me. Looking at the price
closure for me. Looking at the price action, that is a closure. You would be
action, that is a closure. You would be entering from here, or you'd be looking
entering from here, or you'd be looking for the retracement. So, the retracement
for the retracement. So, the retracement for me, some people would be looking for
for me, some people would be looking for this imbalance, some people would be
this imbalance, some people would be looking for this S&amp;R, okay? And then
looking for this S&amp;R, okay? And then stop loss below the rectangle, and
stop loss below the rectangle, and targeting the next 15-minute high or
targeting the next 15-minute high or low. Or you could be targeting, for
low. Or you could be targeting, for example, a fixed 3:1 or 5:1. So,
example, a fixed 3:1 or 5:1. So, 15-minute timeframe here, you could be
15-minute timeframe here, you could be targeting this. Looking at the price
targeting this. Looking at the price action, notice what happened. It fills
action, notice what happened. It fills that level and even that imbalance that
that level and even that imbalance that I've talked about. I think price went
I've talked about. I think price went there. So, yeah, if you went to the
there. So, yeah, if you went to the imbalance, 50% of it, you'd get filled
imbalance, 50% of it, you'd get filled here, stop loss below. You could be also
here, stop loss below. You could be also doing this, back to the 15-minute
doing this, back to the 15-minute timeframe. You'd be taking some partials
timeframe. You'd be taking some partials here, and then letting the rest run.
here, and then letting the rest run. That is an insane trade. And this is
That is an insane trade. And this is your data here, and for me, it works
your data here, and for me, it works better on the Forex pairs, maybe because
better on the Forex pairs, maybe because this is my main thing, and that's what
this is my main thing, and that's what I'm used to. But let's notice this, and
I'm used to. But let's notice this, and I really want you to also focus on Asia
I really want you to also focus on Asia session high and low, because if you
session high and low, because if you understand the direction of the market
understand the direction of the market on the higher timeframe, and then
on the higher timeframe, and then observe the high and low of Asia, and
observe the high and low of Asia, and then whenever we have weakness around
then whenever we have weakness around that, it's going to give you one of the
that, it's going to give you one of the best valid setups. So, for example, this
best valid setups. So, for example, this here, taking the high of Asia and
here, taking the high of Asia and failing to close below, so drawing the
failing to close below, so drawing the rectangle here, and then back to the
rectangle here, and then back to the 1-minute timeframe, let's notice what
1-minute timeframe, let's notice what happened in the price action closing
happened in the price action closing lower. So you already this one is a
lower. So you already this one is a valid one and I don't think I need other
valid one and I don't think I need other trades men here. So plus goes above the
trades men here. So plus goes above the rectangle and maybe targeting because
rectangle and maybe targeting because this is a strong leg here. We might be
this is a strong leg here. We might be just targeting this a four to one day
just targeting this a four to one day going lower back to the 15 minute. So we
going lower back to the 15 minute. So we make it faster here in the price action
make it faster here in the price action and retracement and then going lower and
and retracement and then going lower and going back. I can see the same setup
going back. I can see the same setup happening around Asia high as well. And
happening around Asia high as well. And as I said, one of the best setup is
as I said, one of the best setup is always trading of an imbalance when we
always trading of an imbalance when we fill only part of it. So if you notice,
fill only part of it. So if you notice, we fill part of it, we go lower and we
we fill part of it, we go lower and we have a closure above and then a
have a closure above and then a continuation to the upside. Now this is
continuation to the upside. Now this is not going to be happening every time,
not going to be happening every time, but whenever it happens, it's a high
but whenever it happens, it's a high probability. Notice all also here and
probability. Notice all also here and you would also notice here that we take
you would also notice here that we take the high with a bullish candle. So this
the high with a bullish candle. So this is valid. Maybe it's not the best one,
is valid. Maybe it's not the best one, but it's still valid. Now in this case,
but it's still valid. Now in this case, if you enter somewhere in here and then
if you enter somewhere in here and then your stop loss goes exactly and the high
your stop loss goes exactly and the high you'll be out. If you put it slightly
you'll be out. If you put it slightly above as we've done with the previous
above as we've done with the previous trades, then you would be safe and
trades, then you would be safe and that's what you can get out of this. And
that's what you can get out of this. And even sometime if price is not ready to
even sometime if price is not ready to move, you're still getting this move to
move, you're still getting this move to the outside. So you still enter
the outside. So you still enter somewhere in here and you get a move to
somewhere in here and you get a move to the outside until here. So at least you
the outside until here. So at least you could go break even before price reverse
could go break even before price reverse and take your stop loss. So there are
and take your stop loss. So there are two main things that I want you to
two main things that I want you to understand from this. The first one is
understand from this. The first one is the weakness is the first sign of
the weakness is the first sign of reversal. So understand this and then
reversal. So understand this and then the second thing is the rectangle
the second thing is the rectangle method. So the moment you have a
method. So the moment you have a weakness, okay, so for example,
weakness, okay, so for example, something like this, you can be drawing
something like this, you can be drawing the rectangle and have an entry. Now
the rectangle and have an entry. Now your job is to decide what are the key
your job is to decide what are the key levels that you want to enter with. The
levels that you want to enter with. The moment you have this, you add these two
moment you have this, you add these two and you have a trading plan that you can
and you have a trading plan that you can trade based on. As well as one more
trade based on. As well as one more thing is the direction. How do you
thing is the direction. How do you decide and identify the direction? Is it
decide and identify the direction? Is it by the structure? Is it by a moving
by the structure? Is it by a moving average? Is it by a VWAP? Is it by
average? Is it by a VWAP? Is it by volume profile? Whatever you want to do.
volume profile? Whatever you want to do. Now, three quick tips that will save you
Now, three quick tips that will save you from some losses. Now, one of them is
from some losses. Now, one of them is the size of the wick. So, this is valid
the size of the wick. So, this is valid and this one is valid, but which one is
and this one is valid, but which one is better to trade and why? Some people
better to trade and why? Some people would say this because now you have a
would say this because now you have a bigger rejection, but there is a
bigger rejection, but there is a downside to it, which is you simply
downside to it, which is you simply enter here, your surplus goes all the
enter here, your surplus goes all the way here and even if you want to trade
way here and even if you want to trade the next high, it's not going to give
the next high, it's not going to give you anything. But, in this case, if you
you anything. But, in this case, if you have this size of a rectangle and then
have this size of a rectangle and then you enter here, your surplus here, your
you enter here, your surplus here, your take profit goes here and that's already
take profit goes here and that's already huge reward to risk. The big rejection
huge reward to risk. The big rejection tells me that we are actually confirming
tells me that we are actually confirming the reversal much more than this one,
the reversal much more than this one, but this one is going to give me higher
but this one is going to give me higher reward to risk, a smaller stop loss and
reward to risk, a smaller stop loss and a better trade to take based on demand.
a better trade to take based on demand. The second thing is the structure. So,
The second thing is the structure. So, it's much safer and not only better, but
it's much safer and not only better, but it's much safer to trade on a fresh
it's much safer to trade on a fresh range, meaning that if I have already a
range, meaning that if I have already a break of structure here, now this
break of structure here, now this becomes a fresh range because after
becomes a fresh range because after that, as we go lower, we did not have
that, as we go lower, we did not have that market structure shift happening on
that market structure shift happening on the way. So, now I do have a minor
the way. So, now I do have a minor structure going lower and a minor
structure going lower and a minor structure or maybe the external is going
structure or maybe the external is going bullish, but then the internal is going
bullish, but then the internal is going bearish. But, in this case, we have a
bearish. But, in this case, we have a break of structure immediate retracement
break of structure immediate retracement and then maybe a continuation here to
and then maybe a continuation here to the upside. So, it's safer to trade
the upside. So, it's safer to trade this, but you can trade both as long as
this, but you can trade both as long as you're understanding what you're doing.
you're understanding what you're doing. And the last thing is every weakness, in
And the last thing is every weakness, in order to validate it, it needs to be
order to validate it, it needs to be happening off a key level. This could be
happening off a key level. This could be an S&amp;R, a fair value gap or an
an S&amp;R, a fair value gap or an imbalance. This could be a volume
imbalance. This could be a volume profile. This could be anything, but it
profile. This could be anything, but it needs to be happening into a key level
needs to be happening into a key level because the moment we have this, we now
because the moment we have this, we now have two things happening at the same
have two things happening at the same time. We have the weakness and we have
time. We have the weakness and we have the push from the key level. And that's
the push from the key level. And that's how you can actually focus on high
how you can actually focus on high probability trades. So, that's it for
probability trades. So, that's it for today's video. Make sure to check out
today's video. Make sure to check out It's Cool, my community, if you want to
It's Cool, my community, if you want to learn my trading strategy and trade with
learn my trading strategy and trade with me. Hit the like button and subscribe.
me. Hit the like button and subscribe. That's it and I'll see you next one.