I've been trading for seven years and helped thousands of people become
helped thousands of people become profitable. If I had to start over today
profitable. If I had to start over today with everything I know now, this is the
with everything I know now, this is the exact process I would follow step by
exact process I would follow step by step along with two simple universal
step along with two simple universal trading strategies you can start using
trading strategies you can start using today. Let's get into it. So, what you
today. Let's get into it. So, what you will learn for today, first of all, the
will learn for today, first of all, the three rules of trading and then we're
three rules of trading and then we're going to go over the actual goal of
going to go over the actual goal of trading. And believe it or not, most
trading. And believe it or not, most people are not just trading to make
people are not just trading to make money. They are actually doing something
money. They are actually doing something else that is hidden. and then my top
else that is hidden. and then my top five trading concepts to study because
five trading concepts to study because there are thousands of concepts that you
there are thousands of concepts that you can go over and I want you to only
can go over and I want you to only master these five now then you can be
master these five now then you can be more flexible and then the universal
more flexible and then the universal system what is almost every trading
system what is almost every trading strategy focus on it's this universal
strategy focus on it's this universal thing and then the three pillars of a
thing and then the three pillars of a trader what are the three things that
trader what are the three things that you have to have or you have to do in
you have to have or you have to do in order to become profitable risk
order to become profitable risk management because it's one of the most
management because it's one of the most important things and then finally the
important things and then finally the only two trading strategies you'll ever
only two trading strategies you'll ever need. So, I'll go over these two trading
need. So, I'll go over these two trading systems and then you can actually apply
systems and then you can actually apply them today. Now, this video will be
them today. Now, this video will be focusing on the things that most
focusing on the things that most beginners skip, the things that
beginners skip, the things that struggling traders ignore, and the rules
struggling traders ignore, and the rules that separate consistent traders from
that separate consistent traders from everyone else. So, this video is going
everyone else. So, this video is going to be unique. is gonna go into things
to be unique. is gonna go into things that most likely you did not think about
that most likely you did not think about and you will not find on all of the
and you will not find on all of the other videos that are just repeated over
other videos that are just repeated over and over explaining candlesticks looking
and over explaining candlesticks looking at trading view how to enter longs and
at trading view how to enter longs and shorts but that is actually does not
shorts but that is actually does not matter as much as what I'll be going
matter as much as what I'll be going over on this video let's first talk
over on this video let's first talk about the three rules of trading now
about the three rules of trading now this is what actually matters and if you
this is what actually matters and if you want to become profitable trader then
want to become profitable trader then you focus on these three with one
you focus on these three with one missing then probably you will not be
missing then probably you will not be profitable. The first one is thinking in
profitable. The first one is thinking in probability and this is something that
probability and this is something that we're going to be actually going over
we're going to be actually going over details on the next sections. And then
details on the next sections. And then the trading pyramid. When it comes to
the trading pyramid. When it comes to the trading pyramid, these are five
the trading pyramid, these are five levels that you need to fix from the
levels that you need to fix from the base and then go into the top. You
base and then go into the top. You cannot start from the opposite and any
cannot start from the opposite and any of these levels will affect your trading
of these levels will affect your trading performance. So this is something that
performance. So this is something that no one ever talked about. and then
no one ever talked about. and then mastery over money. Talking about
mastery over money. Talking about probability, which is something that
probability, which is something that we're going to go over details, but for
we're going to go over details, but for now, every trade is a maybe. Think in
now, every trade is a maybe. Think in this way. If I ask you a question now
this way. If I ask you a question now about a coin flip, are you 100% sure of
about a coin flip, are you 100% sure of a coin flip of the outcome of it? Then
a coin flip of the outcome of it? Then the answer is probably no. That is the
the answer is probably no. That is the same for a trade. A trade is no
same for a trade. A trade is no different and no setup is guaranteed
different and no setup is guaranteed even if it has all the rules, even if it
even if it has all the rules, even if it looks the best. And we'll cover this on
looks the best. And we'll cover this on detail in part five. Now covering the
detail in part five. Now covering the trading pyramid and I have a full video
trading pyramid and I have a full video on this explaining everything. So I'll
on this explaining everything. So I'll be having that on the description. But
be having that on the description. But the issue here is that 95% of traders
the issue here is that 95% of traders focus here on the strategy and they
focus here on the strategy and they think that this is all it matters. If
think that this is all it matters. If they have the strategy then they're
they have the strategy then they're going to make money. But that is a very
going to make money. But that is a very wrong way and mostly everyone just talks
wrong way and mostly everyone just talks about trading focusing on the strategy
about trading focusing on the strategy but forgetting everything that is below
but forgetting everything that is below that is more significant than just the
that is more significant than just the strategy itself. Now we need to start
strategy itself. Now we need to start from here. going up and we cannot fix
from here. going up and we cannot fix the base from the top. We need to start
the base from the top. We need to start from the base and then going higher and
from the base and then going higher and going higher here is going to affect the
going higher here is going to affect the strategy and it's going to make it work
strategy and it's going to make it work if it works initially. But I mean a
if it works initially. But I mean a strategy without the base is not going
strategy without the base is not going to make you money. So the first thing
to make you money. So the first thing that we need to fix is the core beliefs
that we need to fix is the core beliefs about the money and markets and then we
about the money and markets and then we focus on the beliefs about self and
focus on the beliefs about self and capability. But actually before that
capability. But actually before that core beliefs about money in markets. If
core beliefs about money in markets. If you think that money is hard to make, if
you think that money is hard to make, if you think that there is limited money,
you think that there is limited money, if you think that the market is not
if you think that the market is not going to give you money and it's all
going to give you money and it's all fake money, then you'll never make
fake money, then you'll never make money. And then beliefs about self and
money. And then beliefs about self and capability. And this focuses on you
capability. And this focuses on you thinking that you cannot make money. You
thinking that you cannot make money. You thinking that you are not inconsistent,
thinking that you are not inconsistent, thinking that you are not disciplined.
thinking that you are not disciplined. And if you think yourself that you are
And if you think yourself that you are not consistent enough in order to make
not consistent enough in order to make money, then you'll never be. And then
money, then you'll never be. And then the emotional payoff. There is something
the emotional payoff. There is something that you actually getting. If you're not
that you actually getting. If you're not making money off trading, you're getting
making money off trading, you're getting something else. This could be, you know,
something else. This could be, you know, getting love from others, getting
getting love from others, getting support from other that you are working
support from other that you are working and you're trying to become a profitable
and you're trying to become a profitable trader. So payoff is the thing that
trader. So payoff is the thing that you're getting that keep you stuck. And
you're getting that keep you stuck. And then the behavior and habits and that's
then the behavior and habits and that's where a lot of people actually focus on
where a lot of people actually focus on is you know trying to be disciplined,
is you know trying to be disciplined, trying to be consistent. But you cannot.
trying to be consistent. But you cannot. This is only the symptom here. You
This is only the symptom here. You cannot fix this without fixing what's
cannot fix this without fixing what's below and the strategy. And this is what
below and the strategy. And this is what actually 95% of traders try to fix and
actually 95% of traders try to fix and focus here. In reality, they have a good
focus here. In reality, they have a good strategy, but everything below is
strategy, but everything below is broken. So, you need to start from the
broken. So, you need to start from the bottom and fix all the way to the top.
bottom and fix all the way to the top. And I would say a lot of people actually
And I would say a lot of people actually have an edge when it comes to a
have an edge when it comes to a strategy, when it comes to trading, when
strategy, when it comes to trading, when it comes to finding setups. But the
it comes to finding setups. But the problem is that there is an execution
problem is that there is an execution gap. They cannot execute it perfectly
gap. They cannot execute it perfectly because of everything below. Now before
because of everything below. Now before we continue, just a quick thing.
we continue, just a quick thing. Everything I've learned over the last 7
Everything I've learned over the last 7 years, the frameworks, the system, the
years, the frameworks, the system, the way I read the market, it's all inside
way I read the market, it's all inside my community, Edge School. That includes
my community, Edge School. That includes the edge model, the same strategy I use
the edge model, the same strategy I use to find those 5 to1, 10:1, sometime even
to find those 5 to1, 10:1, sometime even 20 to1 reward trades. And I take those
20 to1 reward trades. And I take those trades live with the community. If you
trades live with the community. If you want to learn the full system that I use
want to learn the full system that I use and trade like me, there is a link in
and trade like me, there is a link in the description with all the details. If
the description with all the details. If you're not ready yet, no worries. Let's
you're not ready yet, no worries. Let's continue today's lesson. Now, let's talk
continue today's lesson. Now, let's talk about mastery over money. Now, the skill
about mastery over money. Now, the skill comes first and the money letter. Think
comes first and the money letter. Think about athletes, for example. They train
about athletes, for example. They train and they do a hard work before focusing
and they do a hard work before focusing on the trophies. They cannot focus and
on the trophies. They cannot focus and just think about trophies, become
just think about trophies, become athletes in order to get that. No, you
athletes in order to get that. No, you need to work hard and being good at what
need to work hard and being good at what they do. That's the main focus and then
they do. That's the main focus and then the money is going to come after. Think
the money is going to come after. Think also about doctors doing the same study
also about doctors doing the same study before income. Engineers build the skill
before income. Engineers build the skill before getting the salary. So trading is
before getting the salary. So trading is no different. And that's the problem a
no different. And that's the problem a lot of people have is that they thinking
lot of people have is that they thinking trading is different. Trading is the
trading is different. Trading is the same as every job. You need to master
same as every job. You need to master the thing that you're doing in order to
the thing that you're doing in order to give the money. The money comes after.
give the money. The money comes after. And a lot of people fail because they
And a lot of people fail because they miss one of these three. If you miss
miss one of these three. If you miss one, then you're probably not going to
one, then you're probably not going to make money. Now, let's talk about the
make money. Now, let's talk about the actual goal of trading. What are we
actual goal of trading. What are we trying to do here? Now, keeping it very
trying to do here? Now, keeping it very simple, we have long and we have short.
simple, we have long and we have short. Now, the main goal is to simply buy low
Now, the main goal is to simply buy low and then sell high. Buy low and sell
and then sell high. Buy low and sell high. Now, you don't need to be buying
high. Now, you don't need to be buying at the extreme bottom. You can buy here
at the extreme bottom. You can buy here and then sell here. And if you're
and then sell here. And if you're shorting, that means you're selling here
shorting, that means you're selling here and then you're closing your position
and then you're closing your position lower. So doing the opposite. So all
lower. So doing the opposite. So all it's needed is that I buy somewhere and
it's needed is that I buy somewhere and then I close my position higher or I
then I close my position higher or I sell somewhere and I close my position
sell somewhere and I close my position lower. The problem is that a lot of
lower. The problem is that a lot of people complicate this. This is common
people complicate this. This is common sense. But the problem is a lot of
sense. But the problem is a lot of people actually try to impress others,
people actually try to impress others, feel smart, get respect, and this is the
feel smart, get respect, and this is the payoff. This is the emotional payoff.
payoff. This is the emotional payoff. They try to impress others, posting
They try to impress others, posting screenshots. They try to feel smart by
screenshots. They try to feel smart by predicting sometime and not execution.
predicting sometime and not execution. And that is a problem. Let's make the
And that is a problem. Let's make the main goal is that we actually execute
main goal is that we actually execute buying lower and then selling higher.
buying lower and then selling higher. And that's all. That is the actual goal
And that's all. That is the actual goal of trading. Let's now go over the top
of trading. Let's now go over the top five concepts to study in my opinion.
five concepts to study in my opinion. You focus on these for now and then you
You focus on these for now and then you can after expand to other concepts. But
can after expand to other concepts. But these are very enough to you in order to
these are very enough to you in order to have a good start in trading even if
have a good start in trading even if you're resetting. Now again, I do have a
you're resetting. Now again, I do have a full video explaining these five
full video explaining these five concepts in details for over 40 minutes
concepts in details for over 40 minutes and I'll have that on the description.
and I'll have that on the description. Make sure to watch that. I'll just go
Make sure to watch that. I'll just go over them very quickly here. So the five
over them very quickly here. So the five concepts are the first one is a fair
concepts are the first one is a fair value gap or an imbalance. And I'm not
value gap or an imbalance. And I'm not using all the ICT concepts, but I focus
using all the ICT concepts, but I focus on the ones that align with my trading
on the ones that align with my trading plan and the ones that I think they work
plan and the ones that I think they work for me after 7 years of trading. Now,
for me after 7 years of trading. Now, fair value gap and imbalance is space in
fair value gap and imbalance is space in between the first candle and the third
between the first candle and the third candle between the wicks when they're
candle between the wicks when they're not overlapping. So between candle one,
not overlapping. So between candle one, the high of it, and candle three, the
the high of it, and candle three, the low of it. This is the imbalance. And a
low of it. This is the imbalance. And a lot of time I focus on 50% of it. So if
lot of time I focus on 50% of it. So if price comes back to this level here the
price comes back to this level here the 50% of an imbalance I'll be looking to
50% of an imbalance I'll be looking to buy and in a bearish scenario I'll be
buy and in a bearish scenario I'll be looking to sell. Now this could be used
looking to sell. Now this could be used as a direction as an entry as a
as a direction as an entry as a confirmation a different way to use it.
confirmation a different way to use it. Now the second concept is liquidity and
Now the second concept is liquidity and liquidity is money. It's basically
liquidity is money. It's basically everywhere on the chart. But you know to
everywhere on the chart. But you know to simplify this, you focus on highs and
simplify this, you focus on highs and lows and you focus on kind of some
lows and you focus on kind of some support and resistance levels and you
support and resistance levels and you are waiting for either for price to go
are waiting for either for price to go above it. There are actually two
above it. There are actually two scenarios here. We have a high either
scenarios here. We have a high either price goes above it and displace and
price goes above it and displace and then close above it. And a lot of time
then close above it. And a lot of time we're going to have a continuation
we're going to have a continuation because this is where a lot of money
because this is where a lot of money was. And if we're disrespecting that one
was. And if we're disrespecting that one then we're having continuation. If we
then we're having continuation. If we actually go above it and we fail and we
actually go above it and we fail and we have some weakness here then probably
have some weakness here then probably we're going to have a reverse. So two
we're going to have a reverse. So two scenarios at liquidity and again it's
scenarios at liquidity and again it's the same as an imbalance. It can be used
the same as an imbalance. It can be used in a lot of different ways. Now three is
in a lot of different ways. Now three is SNR and here we focus on opening price
SNR and here we focus on opening price and this is what I actually teach on my
and this is what I actually teach on my school and this is what the edge model
school and this is what the edge model is based on. Now we focus on where the
is based on. Now we focus on where the so you see here we have an open price
so you see here we have an open price goes lower and a lot of time if price
goes lower and a lot of time if price comes here I'd be looking for selling
comes here I'd be looking for selling and here we have a change in the
and here we have a change in the candle's colors we have bearish candle
candle's colors we have bearish candle bullish candle I would consider this as
bullish candle I would consider this as a support area and support and
a support area and support and resistance could be seen in a lot of
resistance could be seen in a lot of different ways as well but this is my
different ways as well but this is my personal way here is focusing on the
personal way here is focusing on the opening prices simply the bodies to the
opening prices simply the bodies to the weeks and then market structure and this
weeks and then market structure and this is an essential this is something that I
is an essential this is something that I cannot trade without think about market
cannot trade without think about market structure is you know telling you what
structure is you know telling you what the market is doing if we are breaking
the market is doing if we are breaking structure to the downside then what I'm
structure to the downside then what I'm expecting we have a breakout structure
expecting we have a breakout structure here we have strength so now I'm looking
here we have strength so now I'm looking for a continuation most likely to the
for a continuation most likely to the downside from here if I'm breaking lower
downside from here if I'm breaking lower same thing here breaker structure what
same thing here breaker structure what I'm looking for is now price to go up
I'm looking for is now price to go up but then going lower now for this one
but then going lower now for this one here because we started going lower and
here because we started going lower and here we have a break of structure to
here we have a break of structure to that upside. What do we expect now? Is
that upside. What do we expect now? Is price to go lower and then go higher?
price to go lower and then go higher? All based on market structure. And I did
All based on market structure. And I did explain this in a lot of details on the
explain this in a lot of details on the video on the description. And finally,
video on the description. And finally, time frame alignment. And this is an
time frame alignment. And this is an essential thing. This is if you told me
essential thing. This is if you told me about the most important concept, it's
about the most important concept, it's going to be this one time frame
going to be this one time frame alignment. It's all about aligning the
alignment. It's all about aligning the higher time frame with the lower time
higher time frame with the lower time frame. And for example, we have a key
frame. And for example, we have a key level here. It could be an imbalance,
level here. It could be an imbalance, could be a liquidity, it could be an
could be a liquidity, it could be an SNR, it could be anything. We have this
SNR, it could be anything. We have this on the higher time frame. We go to a
on the higher time frame. We go to a lower time frame. So for example, we go
lower time frame. So for example, we go from 4 hour time frame to 15-inut time
from 4 hour time frame to 15-inut time frame. And then when price gets there, I
frame. And then when price gets there, I switch to the 15-minut time frame now.
switch to the 15-minut time frame now. And I look for a confirmation. Simply
And I look for a confirmation. Simply I'm waiting for the alignment between
I'm waiting for the alignment between the higher time frame and the lower time
the higher time frame and the lower time frame. And then I'll execute after. Now
frame. And then I'll execute after. Now these are five concepts. These two are
these are five concepts. These two are essential. And then from these three,
essential. And then from these three, you can actually use three of them, two
you can actually use three of them, two of them or just one of them. So you
of them or just one of them. So you could use SNR by itself and market
could use SNR by itself and market structure anti or liquidity and then
structure anti or liquidity and then again these two essential one. So two
again these two essential one. So two plus one of these or three of them
plus one of these or three of them depending on your understanding and how
depending on your understanding and how you can apply them together. Now let's
you can apply them together. Now let's talk about the universal trading system.
talk about the universal trading system. Everyone explains the strategy
Everyone explains the strategy differently. So if we look at ICT, if we
differently. So if we look at ICT, if we look at supply and demand, these are way
look at supply and demand, these are way too different. Support and resistance,
too different. Support and resistance, market structure, price action. If you
market structure, price action. If you go and try to find a video for each one,
go and try to find a video for each one, you will see them explaining them very
you will see them explaining them very differently with different namings,
differently with different namings, different steps and everything is
different steps and everything is different and it's all about
different and it's all about complicating stuff. But almost all
complicating stuff. But almost all strategy are the same and they are based
strategy are the same and they are based on key level to another key level and no
on key level to another key level and no matter what the key level is. So it does
matter what the key level is. So it does not matter because all they focus on is
not matter because all they focus on is what price going to a key level. That
what price going to a key level. That first key level could be a support level
first key level could be a support level going into for example a liquidity level
going into for example a liquidity level or it could be going from I would say an
or it could be going from I would say an imbalance to a liquidity level. So it's
imbalance to a liquidity level. So it's always from a key level to another key
always from a key level to another key level and it's the root of every
level and it's the root of every strategy you've seen on YouTube. It's
strategy you've seen on YouTube. It's all based on this. You make this your
all based on this. You make this your trading plan. You identify the key
trading plan. You identify the key level. You trade the price from that key
level. You trade the price from that key level to the next one. And these could
level to the next one. And these could be different. These could be the same.
be different. These could be the same. So it could be from an imbalance to
So it could be from an imbalance to another imbalance, from a liquidity or
another imbalance, from a liquidity or liquidity, or from a support level to an
liquidity, or from a support level to an imbalance, from a support level to
imbalance, from a support level to liquidity or just based on market
liquidity or just based on market structure, a level on the market
structure, a level on the market structure to another. And nothing more
structure to another. And nothing more is needed. This is one of the most
is needed. This is one of the most important thing that I want people to be
important thing that I want people to be aware of is that trading is all about a
aware of is that trading is all about a key level to another. Every strategy you
key level to another. Every strategy you see is all about a key level to another.
see is all about a key level to another. And that's it. And this is how we see
And that's it. And this is how we see it. Key level to another key level. We
it. Key level to another key level. We have a key level here. What happen is
have a key level here. What happen is I'm looking for this key level to
I'm looking for this key level to another one. A logical one. So if I'm
another one. A logical one. So if I'm expecting another break structure to the
expecting another break structure to the downside, I'll look for another key
downside, I'll look for another key level. It could be here. Price reach
level. It could be here. Price reach that key level, right? Price goes up. I
that key level, right? Price goes up. I have a key level here. I'm looking for
have a key level here. I'm looking for price to trade from this key level to
price to trade from this key level to this one here. So I take longs here and
this one here. So I take longs here and I hold to the next key level a key level
I hold to the next key level a key level here from this one or even from this one
here from this one or even from this one here to this one now from this one here
here to this one now from this one here to this one here and it's all like this.
to this one here and it's all like this. So if I have for example an imbalance
So if I have for example an imbalance here, I'm trading this imbalance to a
here, I'm trading this imbalance to a low here for example or if I'm trading
low here for example or if I'm trading if I have something like this I have
if I have something like this I have resistance here and a support I'm
resistance here and a support I'm trading from here to here from here
trading from here to here from here maybe to somewhere in here. If I have a
maybe to somewhere in here. If I have a new level being created and that's it
new level being created and that's it now stick with me until the end where
now stick with me until the end where I'll be going and teaching you the core
I'll be going and teaching you the core framework I've refined and used for
framework I've refined and used for seven years now. So, this is something
seven years now. So, this is something that I came up with a long time ago.
that I came up with a long time ago. I've mentored a lot of people to use it
I've mentored a lot of people to use it and now I'm going to teach it to you for
and now I'm going to teach it to you for free here. I actually teach you two
free here. I actually teach you two different strategies. One that is
different strategies. One that is universal and one that is very specific.
universal and one that is very specific. So, stay until the end. Now, the three
So, stay until the end. Now, the three pillars of a trailer. You should do
pillars of a trailer. You should do these three things in order to make it
these three things in order to make it in trading. And these are different than
in trading. And these are different than the three rules of the game of trading.
the three rules of the game of trading. These are three things for you to do as
These are three things for you to do as a trader. The first one is risk
a trader. The first one is risk management. Now for risk management, the
management. Now for risk management, the main purpose and the main goal is to
main purpose and the main goal is to survive the market. So a lot of people
survive the market. So a lot of people who actually quit trading very early,
who actually quit trading very early, it's because of risk management. So
it's because of risk management. So survival is because of risk management
survival is because of risk management and it is capital preservation. So
and it is capital preservation. So without risk management, you'll be most
without risk management, you'll be most likely quitting very early and I think
likely quitting very early and I think you are being here because you had a
you are being here because you had a risk management. So otherwise you'd be
risk management. So otherwise you'd be most likely quitting trading because you
most likely quitting trading because you lost most of your money. And the only
lost most of your money. And the only formula that actually matters when it
formula that actually matters when it comes to risk management and it's not
comes to risk management and it's not the reward to risk ratio which actually
the reward to risk ratio which actually a lot of people focus on which matters
a lot of people focus on which matters but it's not as important as the formula
but it's not as important as the formula that we're going to go over. And why?
that we're going to go over. And why? Because you could have a very high
Because you could have a very high reward to risk but still lose. You could
reward to risk but still lose. You could have even 5 to one 10 to one reward to
have even 5 to one 10 to one reward to risk. That is your focus but you're
risk. That is your focus but you're still losing. same as win rate. You
still losing. same as win rate. You could have a 90% win rate but still
could have a 90% win rate but still losing and then a lot of other formulas
losing and then a lot of other formulas that people talked about but the one
that people talked about but the one that is matters the most is the one that
that is matters the most is the one that we're going to go over now. Now the
we're going to go over now. Now the formula is the expectancy. Now if we
formula is the expectancy. Now if we focus on what's in between here, it has
focus on what's in between here, it has both the win rate and the average reward
both the win rate and the average reward risk. So it's not only about the
risk. So it's not only about the rewatcher risk and it's not only about
rewatcher risk and it's not only about the win rate. Each of these can be high
the win rate. Each of these can be high but you're still losing. But when you
but you're still losing. But when you combine both of them then you can find
combine both of them then you can find the real edge. So what is expectancy
the real edge. So what is expectancy here is the average amount of money you
here is the average amount of money you can expect to make or lose every time
can expect to make or lose every time you place a trade. But here assuming
you place a trade. But here assuming that you stick to your system you have a
that you stick to your system you have a risk management you are actually
risk management you are actually sticking to one thing. That's how we
sticking to one thing. That's how we build or you know we calculate the
build or you know we calculate the expectancy. Now positive versus negative
expectancy. Now positive versus negative expectancy. A positive means you have an
expectancy. A positive means you have an edge. It means that the math is in your
edge. It means that the math is in your favor and you're expected to be
favor and you're expected to be profitable over time. So you need to
profitable over time. So you need to calculate if you have some data for
calculate if you have some data for let's say uh 6 months, 3 months or maybe
let's say uh 6 months, 3 months or maybe more then you can calculate your
more then you can calculate your expectancy and if you have a positive
expectancy and if you have a positive one then you expected to be profitable
one then you expected to be profitable over time. If you have a negative
over time. If you have a negative expectancy it means that you have no
expectancy it means that you have no age. The math works against you and you
age. The math works against you and you are guaranteed to lose money in the long
are guaranteed to lose money in the long run. Now, no matter what you do, you
run. Now, no matter what you do, you could make money today, tomorrow, but in
could make money today, tomorrow, but in the long run, you'll be losing. Now, how
the long run, you'll be losing. Now, how do we apply expectancy? If you risk $50
do we apply expectancy? If you risk $50 on one trade and $300 on another
on one trade and $300 on another confident and you'll be sizing up
confident and you'll be sizing up randomly, the math will break and your
randomly, the math will break and your it will disappear. We cannot apply
it will disappear. We cannot apply expectancy here. We cannot calculate the
expectancy here. We cannot calculate the real expectancy here because you're not
real expectancy here because you're not sticking to one risk percentage. So the
sticking to one risk percentage. So the rule is we need to risk 0.5 to22%. I
rule is we need to risk 0.5 to22%. I mean you could be flexible on this and
mean you could be flexible on this and this is the max of your account per
this is the max of your account per trade. Now we decide the risk first. So
trade. Now we decide the risk first. So let's say I'm risking 1%. And then we
let's say I'm risking 1%. And then we focus on the position size. So regarding
focus on the position size. So regarding the position size, let's say we have an
the position size, let's say we have an account that is $10,000. And these are
account that is $10,000. And these are the things that we need to identify
the things that we need to identify first. The account size, the risk per
first. The account size, the risk per trade, for example, 1% which is $100.
trade, for example, 1% which is $100. Stop loss is where the trade is invalid.
Stop loss is where the trade is invalid. The position size is calculated so that
The position size is calculated so that if I hit my stop-loss, then I lose
if I hit my stop-loss, then I lose exactly $100. I cannot be using
exactly $100. I cannot be using different position sizes. Now, how do we
different position sizes. Now, how do we actually do this? You could use this
actually do this? You could use this link here or you could use the
link here or you could use the indicators that I have on Trading View.
indicators that I have on Trading View. I mean, I'll have a link on the
I mean, I'll have a link on the description for that one. Now, you have
description for that one. Now, you have the currency, the account size, the risk
the currency, the account size, the risk percentage, and the stop loss in pips
percentage, and the stop loss in pips and then the pair. and it's going to
and then the pair. and it's going to tell you what is your position size. So
tell you what is your position size. So standard lots here 0.5 that is the size
standard lots here 0.5 that is the size that you enter with. Now let's talk
that you enter with. Now let's talk about the trader mindset. There are
about the trader mindset. There are actually a lot of different ways to see
actually a lot of different ways to see the market. But the best one in my
the market. But the best one in my opinion is seeing it in probability and
opinion is seeing it in probability and not certainty. And this is actually
not certainty. And this is actually inspired by one of my favorite trading
inspired by one of my favorite trading books. One of my best books that I've
books. One of my best books that I've ever read is trading in the zone. Now
ever read is trading in the zone. Now this mean is that trading is a
this mean is that trading is a probability and not certainty. That
probability and not certainty. That means no setup is ever guaranteed. No
means no setup is ever guaranteed. No matters how good it looks. Every trade
matters how good it looks. Every trade is a maybe and not a sure thing. And
is a maybe and not a sure thing. And professional things in odds and not
professional things in odds and not predictions. One trade means nothing. A
predictions. One trade means nothing. A single trade is random like one coin
single trade is random like one coin flip. And I've already asked you that
flip. And I've already asked you that question. Are you actually sure 100% of
question. Are you actually sure 100% of the outcome of a coin flip? The answer
the outcome of a coin flip? The answer is no. And as the same applies to a
is no. And as the same applies to a trade and results only matter over many
trade and results only matter over many trades. And you must let the math play
trades. And you must let the math play out. Wins and losses are randomly
out. Wins and losses are randomly distributed. Even great strategies lose
distributed. Even great strategies lose multiple times in a row. And you cannot
multiple times in a row. And you cannot actually know when a winner is coming
actually know when a winner is coming and when a loser is coming. You know
and when a loser is coming. You know that. Okay, I do have a 50% win rate.
that. Okay, I do have a 50% win rate. But I don't know when the winner is
But I don't know when the winner is going to be and when the loser is going
going to be and when the loser is going to be. And losing streaks are normal and
to be. And losing streaks are normal and they don't mean that your strategy is
they don't mean that your strategy is bad or broken. Think like the casino.
bad or broken. Think like the casino. They do not win every hand. They rely on
They do not win every hand. They rely on a small edge plus repetition. That means
a small edge plus repetition. That means if you want your edge to play out, then
if you want your edge to play out, then your job is to execute and keep
your job is to execute and keep executing without changing the plan and
executing without changing the plan and without focusing on the money and
without focusing on the money and without guessing the outcomes. And
without guessing the outcomes. And finally, detaching from individual
finally, detaching from individual results. That mean a winning trade does
results. That mean a winning trade does not make you good because if you are not
not make you good because if you are not sticking to your plan and then you were
sticking to your plan and then you were lucky and you've taken just a random
lucky and you've taken just a random setup, you make money. That does not
setup, you make money. That does not mean that that trade was good. And a
mean that that trade was good. And a losing trade does not make you bad. If
losing trade does not make you bad. If you're sticking to the rules and you've
you're sticking to the rules and you've actually executed your plan, it could be
actually executed your plan, it could be a loser and it does not make you bad. A
a loser and it does not make you bad. A trade that followed your rules is a good
trade that followed your rules is a good trade. Either it's a win or lose. That's
trade. Either it's a win or lose. That's how a profitable trader mindset looks
how a profitable trader mindset looks like. This is what they think about.
like. This is what they think about. Now, let's talk about the only trading
Now, let's talk about the only trading system that you need. So, we'll be
system that you need. So, we'll be talking about two setups here. the one
talking about two setups here. the one rectangle and that is the one that we're
rectangle and that is the one that we're going to be focusing on today and then
going to be focusing on today and then the WTS framework the weakness to
the WTS framework the weakness to strength. Now the one rectangle is going
strength. Now the one rectangle is going to be a complete strategy based on one
to be a complete strategy based on one rectangle but the WTS is going to be a
rectangle but the WTS is going to be a universal trading system for any key
universal trading system for any key level. So no matter what key level you
level. So no matter what key level you use, no matter what kind of, you know,
use, no matter what kind of, you know, your specialty is either it's an
your specialty is either it's an imbalance and support resistance, supply
imbalance and support resistance, supply and demand, whatever you're using, you
and demand, whatever you're using, you could be using the W2S framework because
could be using the W2S framework because the goal is to give you a high
the goal is to give you a high probability range. And this is what this
probability range. And this is what this does. Talk about the first setup, which
does. Talk about the first setup, which is the one rectangle. And I'll be using
is the one rectangle. And I'll be using some references from the book that I
some references from the book that I wrote. If you want to have access to it,
wrote. If you want to have access to it, then it's going to be on the
then it's going to be on the description. But we're going to be
description. But we're going to be talking first about the strength and
talking first about the strength and weakness which is going to be the
weakness which is going to be the trigger. Now strength in simple terms
trigger. Now strength in simple terms you can take actually a screenshot of
you can take actually a screenshot of this or you can have access to the book.
this or you can have access to the book. Now strength is displacing and closing
Now strength is displacing and closing in a body closing way below the low.
in a body closing way below the low. When it comes to weakness it's failing
When it comes to weakness it's failing to close simply having a weak having a
to close simply having a weak having a rejection of the low. Now the moment we
rejection of the low. Now the moment we actually can identify these and the
actually can identify these and the focus is going to be on the weakness.
focus is going to be on the weakness. You want to see this and then what we're
You want to see this and then what we're going to be doing is identifying the
going to be doing is identifying the rectangle because we said we want to
rectangle because we said we want to trade all based on one rectangle. Now
trade all based on one rectangle. Now you need to see this weakness in a good
you need to see this weakness in a good market structure that is high
market structure that is high probability into a key level. You know
probability into a key level. You know all of these things but then we identify
all of these things but then we identify the rectangle. Now how do we do that? If
the rectangle. Now how do we do that? If you notice this is where the weakness
you notice this is where the weakness is. We close like this. We wait for this
is. We close like this. We wait for this 15minut candle. I forgot to mention that
15minut candle. I forgot to mention that we're going to be using 15 minute and 1
we're going to be using 15 minute and 1 minute time frame. So everything that we
minute time frame. So everything that we discuss here is going to be on the
discuss here is going to be on the 15-minut time frame. And it works for
15-minut time frame. And it works for any pair. We want to see weakness. We
any pair. We want to see weakness. We confirm this by waiting for this candle
confirm this by waiting for this candle to close and then after the closure, we
to close and then after the closure, we draw the rectangle. We draw the
draw the rectangle. We draw the rectangle from the low to the body and
rectangle from the low to the body and then we switch to the 1 minute time
then we switch to the 1 minute time frame. So let's do this here. Actually,
frame. So let's do this here. Actually, I'm seeing a very nice example here. If
I'm seeing a very nice example here. If you notice, I see that we have actually
you notice, I see that we have actually weakness here. We only closed one candle
weakness here. We only closed one candle above and then going lower. So I'm only
above and then going lower. So I'm only looking at market structure here. So we
looking at market structure here. So we have structure, we have a breaker
have structure, we have a breaker structure and notice what happened
structure and notice what happened after. Actually I can see that we have
after. Actually I can see that we have weakness here. We can execute based on
weakness here. We can execute based on this especially that we are in a uh you
this especially that we are in a uh you know good structure going lower. But
know good structure going lower. But after this breaker structure here what
after this breaker structure here what we also have is this weakness. Another
we also have is this weakness. Another weakness. Now the candle needs to be in
weakness. Now the candle needs to be in a bearish scenario. If I'm looking for a
a bearish scenario. If I'm looking for a short, the candle needs to be bullish.
short, the candle needs to be bullish. Now, this one is a bit different because
Now, this one is a bit different because it is bearish here, but this one is
it is bearish here, but this one is bullish. So, let's actually focus on
bullish. So, let's actually focus on this one here because this one is valid.
this one here because this one is valid. We never close above it. We have a
We never close above it. We have a rejection. I'm going to take a rectangle
rejection. I'm going to take a rectangle from the body to the high and I'm using
from the body to the high and I'm using the replay here. So, you notice we have
the replay here. So, you notice we have this. I'm going to now switch to the one
this. I'm going to now switch to the one minute time frame and the trigger, the
minute time frame and the trigger, the entry is going to be closure below the
entry is going to be closure below the rectangle. If we close one minute candle
rectangle. If we close one minute candle below it, then that is the trigger. So,
below it, then that is the trigger. So, let's play the price action. If you
let's play the price action. If you notice, this one closes below. I'm going
notice, this one closes below. I'm going to enter based on this and then have a
to enter based on this and then have a stop loss above the high. And that's it.
stop loss above the high. And that's it. Now, playing the price action. If you
Now, playing the price action. If you notice, we have a retest. And notice how
notice, we have a retest. And notice how price is actually respecting the entry,
price is actually respecting the entry, respecting the rectangle as well.
respecting the rectangle as well. Exactly there. That is the precision
Exactly there. That is the precision that we're talking about. You see here
that we're talking about. You see here as well as here. And this is a method
as well as here. And this is a method that I've actually developed after 7
that I've actually developed after 7 years of trading. Now, we play the price
years of trading. Now, we play the price action. Okay? price goes a bit above and
action. Okay? price goes a bit above and then getting all this profit, you could
then getting all this profit, you could switch to a 50-minut time frame here and
switch to a 50-minut time frame here and notice what happened. Now, you could
notice what happened. Now, you could close your position after seeing
close your position after seeing weakness, another weakness. If we look
weakness, another weakness. If we look at how much we're getting out of this,
at how much we're getting out of this, we got around uh 2.74, which is around
we got around uh 2.74, which is around 3:1 and then a bit more. Now, it gets
3:1 and then a bit more. Now, it gets very close to the takerit after 3:1, but
very close to the takerit after 3:1, but then continues for 8:1. Now, if we go
then continues for 8:1. Now, if we go back here, I can see a lot of other
back here, I can see a lot of other examples. I'll just go over one more and
examples. I'll just go over one more and then you have access to the ebook. You
then you have access to the ebook. You can learn more about it. Even I have
can learn more about it. Even I have some videos about this specific
some videos about this specific strategy. And then we go to the other
strategy. And then we go to the other framework. Now, if you notice here, what
framework. Now, if you notice here, what happened? We have price overextended
happened? We have price overextended into a key level here. That is one of
into a key level here. That is one of the key levels that we use in it school.
the key levels that we use in it school. Okay. Now, you can also cover this here,
Okay. Now, you can also cover this here, but I'm refining this. Okay. Now we
but I'm refining this. Okay. Now we notice that price goes here, try to go
notice that price goes here, try to go again, but here we have weakness because
again, but here we have weakness because we're never able to close above it. Now
we're never able to close above it. Now what do we do? Whenever we spot the
what do we do? Whenever we spot the weakness, we actually take the rectangle
weakness, we actually take the rectangle from the body to the wick. Drag it to
from the body to the wick. Drag it to the right. Switch to the one minute time
the right. Switch to the one minute time frame. And then all I want to see is a
frame. And then all I want to see is a closure now below the rectangle. Let's
closure now below the rectangle. Let's see. So it goes up. Okay. And this
see. So it goes up. Okay. And this candle here closes below. Now you could
candle here closes below. Now you could enter immediately from here. Stop loss
enter immediately from here. Stop loss goes above the high sometime. I would
goes above the high sometime. I would love to see a retracement. So I could
love to see a retracement. So I could have another order here also and then
have another order here also and then stop loss above the high again. So
stop loss above the high again. So something like this. And then what do we
something like this. And then what do we target? You could actually go to 50
target? You could actually go to 50 minute time frame here in order to look
minute time frame here in order to look for another low to target or another key
for another low to target or another key level. Now what do we have here? I can
level. Now what do we have here? I can think of this for example and then the
think of this for example and then the other entry for example here or at the
other entry for example here or at the low here. And then let's go back to the
low here. And then let's go back to the one minute time frame. See what
one minute time frame. See what happened. Playing the price action. Very
happened. Playing the price action. Very nice. Going lower. Okay. A bit of a
nice. Going lower. Okay. A bit of a retracement here. Let's see the 15
retracement here. Let's see the 15 minute. What do we have? Then price is
minute. What do we have? Then price is just going lower and lower and lower. If
just going lower and lower and lower. If we look at the one minute time frame
we look at the one minute time frame now, what do we have here? Look at this
now, what do we have here? Look at this insane trade over 10 to1. And this is
insane trade over 10 to1. And this is what I actually teach in school, but I
what I actually teach in school, but I teach it in even a much better way. So
teach it in even a much better way. So you see 9:1 and price did not you know
you see 9:1 and price did not you know give this order so we remove this. That
give this order so we remove this. That is a very nice trade. Now into the
is a very nice trade. Now into the second setup which is the W to S
second setup which is the W to S pattern. Now for this one because now we
pattern. Now for this one because now we do understand the concept of weakness
do understand the concept of weakness and the concept of strength. When it
and the concept of strength. When it comes to weakness it is failing to
comes to weakness it is failing to continue on the same direction. So
continue on the same direction. So having weakness for example price is
having weakness for example price is going lower and then because now it's
going lower and then because now it's going lower but now it fails to go lower
going lower but now it fails to go lower at this point. Now strength on the other
at this point. Now strength on the other hand is continuing in that direction. So
hand is continuing in that direction. So here we have strength and here we have
here we have strength and here we have strength. So strength is continuing on
strength. So strength is continuing on that direction. Weakness is failing to
that direction. Weakness is failing to continue. Now, we did focus on specific
continue. Now, we did focus on specific types of weakness and strength on the
types of weakness and strength on the one rectangle method, but for this one,
one rectangle method, but for this one, it's not going to be just a single
it's not going to be just a single candle. It's going to be, you know,
candle. It's going to be, you know, seeing the candlesticks around the key
seeing the candlesticks around the key level. So, are we actually displacing
level. So, are we actually displacing below the low or displacing above the
below the low or displacing above the high? Why is this pattern first of all
high? Why is this pattern first of all universal and important? Price is going
universal and important? Price is going up. The moment we can spot a weakness,
up. The moment we can spot a weakness, it's telling me that now we are about
it's telling me that now we are about to, you know, we're finding weakness
to, you know, we're finding weakness here. We cannot go higher and that means
here. We cannot go higher and that means there is a potential of reversal now.
there is a potential of reversal now. But it's not confirmed. When does it get
But it's not confirmed. When does it get confirmed? Whenever we have strength on
confirmed? Whenever we have strength on the other direction. So the moment we
the other direction. So the moment we have this and then a strength on the
have this and then a strength on the other direction which is something like
other direction which is something like this then we can say that okay we do
this then we can say that okay we do have the weakness and then after that we
have the weakness and then after that we have the strength and that is the W2S
have the strength and that is the W2S pattern and this here gives me the core
pattern and this here gives me the core concept of almost every trading strategy
concept of almost every trading strategy which is trying to focus on a high
which is trying to focus on a high probability trading range. Now what is a
probability trading range. Now what is a high probability trading range? Means
high probability trading range? Means that from this high which caused or you
that from this high which caused or you know which was created after the
know which was created after the weakness and then the low here which was
weakness and then the low here which was created after the strength I can say
created after the strength I can say that okay this is actually a high
that okay this is actually a high probability range and high probability
probability range and high probability range means continuation. So this is a
range means continuation. So this is a high probability range and it is a
high probability range and it is a bearish one because the strength was to
bearish one because the strength was to the lower side and that means it's a
the lower side and that means it's a high probability range meaning that
high probability range meaning that we'll be have a continuation to the
we'll be have a continuation to the downside from this range. This range
downside from this range. This range will be respected. So I could do
will be respected. So I could do something like this go short here stop
something like this go short here stop loss above and then look for
loss above and then look for continuation to the downside. This is
continuation to the downside. This is what a high probability range is. Now
what a high probability range is. Now whenever we have this pattern what do we
whenever we have this pattern what do we do is we could in another strategy what
do is we could in another strategy what I said is we want to spot this pattern
I said is we want to spot this pattern which is weakness strength and then
which is weakness strength and then weakness that means what do we have here
weakness that means what do we have here weakness strength which is here and then
weakness strength which is here and then I want to find weakness inside of this
I want to find weakness inside of this in order to trade it. So the moment I
in order to trade it. So the moment I spot a weakness, I can trade that one.
spot a weakness, I can trade that one. But in a universal way is that inside of
But in a universal way is that inside of this range of the WTS, what I want to do
this range of the WTS, what I want to do is look for a key level inside of it. So
is look for a key level inside of it. So you could, for example, focus on an
you could, for example, focus on an imbalance here, supply and demand area
imbalance here, supply and demand area or a candlestick pattern, anything you
or a candlestick pattern, anything you want here. Okay? Anything you are free
want here. Okay? Anything you are free to use whatever you want. But this here
to use whatever you want. But this here is going to establish this high
is going to establish this high probability range. So let's say I'm
probability range. So let's say I'm looking for an imbalance here. After
looking for an imbalance here. After this range, what I will do is I'll wait
this range, what I will do is I'll wait for reaction of this imbalance and then
for reaction of this imbalance and then trade lower. Or I could simply have a
trade lower. Or I could simply have a limit order at the imbalance. Stop loss
limit order at the imbalance. Stop loss goes above the range and then take
goes above the range and then take profit at at another strength. Let's
profit at at another strength. Let's spot a range that has two things. Now we
spot a range that has two things. Now we could have there are a lot of ranges
could have there are a lot of ranges here, but I could see that there is one
here, but I could see that there is one here. What do we have? We have a
here. What do we have? We have a weakness and then after that we do have
weakness and then after that we do have strength. This is a low. after taking
strength. This is a low. after taking this high and then we broke below it. So
this high and then we broke below it. So now you want to look for a key level
now you want to look for a key level inside of here in order to trade from
inside of here in order to trade from it. Now sometime it's not going to be
it. Now sometime it's not going to be very clear for you and we do have this
very clear for you and we do have this key level here but I mean there was no
key level here but I mean there was no imbalance to look at here but let's look
imbalance to look at here but let's look at another example. For example, we do
at another example. For example, we do have this key level. Okay, so I could
have this key level. Okay, so I could mark this key level here. Again, you
mark this key level here. Again, you could be free to use any key level you
could be free to use any key level you want. And let's look at what happened
want. And let's look at what happened before this. What we have is weakness
before this. What we have is weakness and then strength. So weakness and
and then strength. So weakness and strength give me a high probability
strength give me a high probability range to trade from and that means high
range to trade from and that means high probability range retracement and
probability range retracement and continuation of that high probability
continuation of that high probability range and that what happened here. So we
range and that what happened here. So we mark a key level reaction and we could
mark a key level reaction and we could trade we could look at 50-minute
trade we could look at 50-minute confirmation here. What is another
confirmation here. What is another example right here? We have weakness but
example right here? We have weakness but then we did not follow by a strength
then we did not follow by a strength until right here and then what do we
until right here and then what do we have after? So now what do we have is a
have after? So now what do we have is a high probability range. This is the low
high probability range. This is the low of the range and then the high of the
of the range and then the high of the range is here until we have the
range is here until we have the retracement. Now you could say here but
retracement. Now you could say here but then we only confirm the high after the
then we only confirm the high after the retracement and notice what happened. We
retracement and notice what happened. We have this imbalance price gets to that
have this imbalance price gets to that imbalance and then start going higher.
imbalance and then start going higher. Now sometime the weakness could be just
Now sometime the weakness could be just price getting into a key level. So I
price getting into a key level. So I could consider this as weakness because
could consider this as weakness because it filled a key level and then after
it filled a key level and then after that what do we have strength? So now I
that what do we have strength? So now I could trade the continuation again and
could trade the continuation again and it depends on the key level that you're
it depends on the key level that you're focusing on. And same thing here
focusing on. And same thing here weakness because it went into a key
weakness because it went into a key level but also only close one candle
level but also only close one candle below and then immediately goes higher a
below and then immediately goes higher a break a structure. What can we do after?
break a structure. What can we do after? is looking at a key level that actually
is looking at a key level that actually holds the price higher and then price
holds the price higher and then price goes higher and we could see this in a
goes higher and we could see this in a lot of different forms, right? So I
lot of different forms, right? So I could see this here as weakness and then
could see this here as weakness and then strength and then after that after the
strength and then after that after the whole move here we have a retracement to
whole move here we have a retracement to this key level exactly here after this
this key level exactly here after this range. So we want to focus on that W
range. So we want to focus on that W toss pattern and then we trade from
toss pattern and then we trade from let's look at an example that I go from
let's look at an example that I go from a higher time frame to a low time frame
a higher time frame to a low time frame and you know we cover all of the steps
and you know we cover all of the steps there is weakness and then there is the
there is weakness and then there is the strength and now this range here
strength and now this range here actually I'm just going to go until this
actually I'm just going to go until this range. Now what do we have? We have the
range. Now what do we have? We have the low and then we have the high and then
low and then we have the high and then what you can do is take a fib from the
what you can do is take a fib from the low to the high and you want to focus on
low to the high and you want to focus on this area. So this is another way, this
this area. So this is another way, this is another use of using key levels,
is another use of using key levels, right? You could use anything you want
right? You could use anything you want here. Continue going higher until we
here. Continue going higher until we have the retracement. So for now, what
have the retracement. So for now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take it
I'm going to do is I'm going to take it to the highest high. And now we have the
to the highest high. And now we have the OT here. What kind of key level I want
OT here. What kind of key level I want to use here? What I would say here is
to use here? What I would say here is that okay, I do have this key level
that okay, I do have this key level from, you know, some of the key levels
from, you know, some of the key levels that I teach in school. these ones here,
that I teach in school. these ones here, these are strong levels and you know the
these are strong levels and you know the opening prices but it comes in a unique
opening prices but it comes in a unique way but also what I have is this
way but also what I have is this imbalance and this imbalance the 50% of
imbalance and this imbalance the 50% of it is right here. So I'm going to take
it is right here. So I'm going to take this one and notice how price was coming
this one and notice how price was coming to this level as well as the imbalance.
to this level as well as the imbalance. Now what I'll do is go to the 15 minute.
Now what I'll do is go to the 15 minute. What I'm expecting from this range and
What I'm expecting from this range and this is the strength of this is that
this is the strength of this is that this is a high probability range, right?
this is a high probability range, right? Whatever comes after is a retracement
Whatever comes after is a retracement and then what I'm expecting after of a
and then what I'm expecting after of a key level is another breakout structure.
key level is another breakout structure. So something like this and maybe
So something like this and maybe sometime as big as this or maybe half of
sometime as big as this or maybe half of it. So what I'm expecting is something
it. So what I'm expecting is something like this. Not exactly the same way, but
like this. Not exactly the same way, but I'm expecting a bigger move and mostly
I'm expecting a bigger move and mostly break in structure. Maybe if this is
break in structure. Maybe if this is also another high probability range,
also another high probability range, it's going to respect part of it and
it's going to respect part of it and then continue lower. It depends on the
then continue lower. It depends on the higher time frame high probability
higher time frame high probability range. All right, so let's see now if
range. All right, so let's see now if price respect the 50% imbalance. Okay,
price respect the 50% imbalance. Okay, 50% of the imbalance, it actually
50% of the imbalance, it actually respect that one and then immediately go
respect that one and then immediately go higher. Now after this now we do have
higher. Now after this now we do have another high probability range here also
another high probability range here also on the lower time frame. So you could
on the lower time frame. So you could have entered here based on this
have entered here based on this engulfing candle but also because we
engulfing candle but also because we have weakness and strength you could
have weakness and strength you could have a limit order somewhere. So I could
have a limit order somewhere. So I could have here the 50% of this candle only if
have here the 50% of this candle only if price retrace to that one. Now I don't
price retrace to that one. Now I don't know somehow price gets exactly right
know somehow price gets exactly right there. So not sure where the 50% but
there. So not sure where the 50% but exactly right there and then starts. So
exactly right there and then starts. So now what is the the same thing? This is
now what is the the same thing? This is a retracement. I'm looking for another
a retracement. I'm looking for another expansion because this is a high
expansion because this is a high probability range. Let's see.
probability range. Let's see. I'm going to switch now to the 4 hour.
I'm going to switch now to the 4 hour. So price gets in there very close to the
So price gets in there very close to the stop loss as well. So I just put a
stop loss as well. So I just put a random stop loss. It depends. So just a
random stop loss. It depends. So just a random stop loss. You could be out. We
random stop loss. You could be out. We go 4 hour. Yeah, I'm being honest here.
go 4 hour. Yeah, I'm being honest here. Or you could have also another entry. If
Or you could have also another entry. If price takes you out, you could have
price takes you out, you could have another entry after this high
another entry after this high probability range. You could have
probability range. You could have another entry. Okay? And then exactly
another entry. Okay? And then exactly right there. So we have another sniper.
right there. So we have another sniper. Now this one I put a random stop loss
Now this one I put a random stop loss here. You could have it a bit below and
here. You could have it a bit below and be safe. But you know we could consider
be safe. But you know we could consider this as a stop loss. And I'll play the
this as a stop loss. And I'll play the 4hour time frame. See what happen after.
4hour time frame. See what happen after. Because now what do we have? We have a
Because now what do we have? We have a high probability range here. And I'm
high probability range here. And I'm expecting another one something like
expecting another one something like this. Let's see what happened. And then
this. Let's see what happened. And then price immediately go there. So that's a
price immediately go there. So that's a 6:1. Now this one was Yeah, actually
6:1. Now this one was Yeah, actually this one is the new one. Okay, it gives
this one is the new one. Okay, it gives about 4.69 and then it starts going
about 4.69 and then it starts going nowhere. Sometime you could have a
nowhere. Sometime you could have a better entry. So based on this as well,
better entry. So based on this as well, we have one imbalance to imbalances. We
we have one imbalance to imbalances. We could have an entry based on the
could have an entry based on the imbalances. So from this imbalance to
imbalances. So from this imbalance to the second one. Okay. Yeah, it's around
the second one. Okay. Yeah, it's around the same area here. price gets there and
the same area here. price gets there and immediately goes higher and you could
immediately goes higher and you could have if you wanted another refinement.
have if you wanted another refinement. Now you could be flexible with this. You
Now you could be flexible with this. You could have a lot of different entries.
could have a lot of different entries. But what you can also do is after price
But what you can also do is after price giving you another range here, you could
giving you another range here, you could trade based on this and then trust this
trade based on this and then trust this range. So instead of a stop loss that
range. So instead of a stop loss that goes below this range, what you can do
goes below this range, what you can do is after the confirmation here, you
is after the confirmation here, you could have it below the low here. And
could have it below the low here. And that's going to give you much higher
that's going to give you much higher reward to risk about 11 to1. So almost
reward to risk about 11 to1. So almost more than the double here. So sometime I
more than the double here. So sometime I would do this if I'm sure about the key
would do this if I'm sure about the key level that price was reaching and other
level that price was reaching and other times I would do the opposite. You know
times I would do the opposite. You know I will cover the whole range just like
I will cover the whole range just like this. So it all depends on your
this. So it all depends on your approach. But the main approach that
approach. But the main approach that we're following here is what the WTS.
we're following here is what the WTS. The moment we have a weakness and
The moment we have a weakness and strength just like this weakness and
strength just like this weakness and strength I would be trading the
strength I would be trading the continuation. the moment I have
continuation. the moment I have weakness. And so yeah, this time here we
weakness. And so yeah, this time here we did not have a strength, but we have
did not have a strength, but we have this internal strength and then a
this internal strength and then a continuation and it goes like this. You
continuation and it goes like this. You want to be taking these in a good price
want to be taking these in a good price position and it's going to go from
position and it's going to go from there. That's the end of the video. If
there. That's the end of the video. If you have any question, you can leave
you have any question, you can leave them in the comments. Hit the like
them in the comments. Hit the like button and share the video with your
button and share the video with your friends. Subscribe to the channel.
friends. Subscribe to the channel. That's it and I'll see you next