In less than 10 minutes, I'll teach you the only 1-minute scalping strategy
the only 1-minute scalping strategy you'll ever need based on four simple
you'll ever need based on four simple concepts to catch high reward to risk
concepts to catch high reward to risk trades like these. Let's start. Now, to
trades like these. Let's start. Now, to be able to learn and execute the
be able to learn and execute the strategy the right way, we need to
strategy the right way, we need to understand the basics. So, there's some
understand the basics. So, there's some concepts that we need to understand
concepts that we need to understand first. One of them is imbalances. Now,
first. One of them is imbalances. Now, what is an imbalance in a simple way?
what is an imbalance in a simple way? Most of you already know it. It's when
Most of you already know it. It's when we have three candles. The first candle
we have three candles. The first candle high does not overlap with the third
high does not overlap with the third candle low. In this way, we have a
candle low. In this way, we have a bullish fair value gap or imbalance. It
bullish fair value gap or imbalance. It goes from here to here. And then in a
goes from here to here. And then in a bearish scenario, whenever we have the
bearish scenario, whenever we have the low of the first candle does not overlap
low of the first candle does not overlap with the high of the third candle from
with the high of the third candle from here to here. That is a bearish
here to here. That is a bearish imbalance, and it usually gets filled
imbalance, and it usually gets filled and pushed price lower. Not every time,
and pushed price lower. Not every time, but we'll use this in a very specific
but we'll use this in a very specific way, not just a typical way. So, this is
way, not just a typical way. So, this is a bearish fair value gap, and this is a
a bearish fair value gap, and this is a bullish fair value gap. Another concept
bullish fair value gap. Another concept that we need to understand is structure.
that we need to understand is structure. So, we're not trying to engage with the
So, we're not trying to engage with the market anywhere, but we're trying to
market anywhere, but we're trying to focus on high probability ranges,
focus on high probability ranges, meaning that I want to see a break of
meaning that I want to see a break of structure and a structure from here to
structure and a structure from here to here or this range. This is the range
here or this range. This is the range that I want to engage with. In another
that I want to engage with. In another formation, we have a market structure
formation, we have a market structure shift, meaning that we're going lower,
shift, meaning that we're going lower, but then we flip bullish. This also
but then we flip bullish. This also stays as a high probability range. So,
stays as a high probability range. So, simply we want to identify the structure
simply we want to identify the structure and look for the continuation of that
and look for the continuation of that structure. The third concept is moving
structure. The third concept is moving average. We're going to be using this
average. We're going to be using this for the trend or for the bias. Now, the
for the trend or for the bias. Now, the moving average is optional. You could
moving average is optional. You could use this or any other way. We'll be
use this or any other way. We'll be going over examples with the moving
going over examples with the moving average and without it. Whenever we are
average and without it. Whenever we are above the line, when the price action is
above the line, when the price action is above, we're going to be using a 50
above, we're going to be using a 50 moving average. Above it, we're bullish.
moving average. Above it, we're bullish. Below it, we're bearish. The bias is
Below it, we're bearish. The bias is going to be very simple to identify. And
going to be very simple to identify. And then the last concept is highs and lows
then the last concept is highs and lows or liquidity. Now, simply we need to
or liquidity. Now, simply we need to understand that a high, whenever it's
understand that a high, whenever it's taken, we're either going to be having a
taken, we're either going to be having a continuation from it, meaning that we're
continuation from it, meaning that we're going to be a broken above it and then
going to be a broken above it and then continuation, or weakness and then
continuation, or weakness and then continu- -ing lower. So, we need to
continu- -ing lower. So, we need to understand the concept of liquidity. And
understand the concept of liquidity. And we're going to be focusing on a specific
we're going to be focusing on a specific type of liquidity, which is here, the
type of liquidity, which is here, the inducement, meaning that I want to see a
inducement, meaning that I want to see a bullish break of structure. I want to
bullish break of structure. I want to see a low that did not go to a specific
see a low that did not go to a specific key level. We're going to be simplifying
key level. We're going to be simplifying this, no worries, but I want to see
this, no worries, but I want to see price coming to that low again,
price coming to that low again, continuing higher. So, we're going to be
continuing higher. So, we're going to be focusing on this specific type of
focusing on this specific type of liquidity. Now, the main goal of this
liquidity. Now, the main goal of this strategy is very simple. It's to
strategy is very simple. It's to identify a high probability continuation
identify a high probability continuation setup on the 15- -minute, but with an
setup on the 15- -minute, but with an entry on the 1-minute time frame. And
entry on the 1-minute time frame. And you will understand why we're having two
you will understand why we're having two time frames here to have a high reward
time frames here to have a high reward to risk. A quick note that this works on
to risk. A quick note that this works on any pair and any time of the day. Now,
any pair and any time of the day. Now, as a gift, I have a free book that has
as a gift, I have a free book that has all the steps, the checklist, and more
all the steps, the checklist, and more details. You can have it for free, the
details. You can have it for free, the link is below. Now, the setup is very
link is below. Now, the setup is very simple. All I want to see is, first of
simple. All I want to see is, first of all, identify a break of structure,
all, identify a break of structure, meaning that now I'll be having a high
meaning that now I'll be having a high probability range from here to here. So,
probability range from here to here. So, now I do have a valid structure that I
now I do have a valid structure that I could look for a continuation from after
could look for a continuation from after the break of structure. Now, I could
the break of structure. Now, I could also deal with market structure shift.
also deal with market structure shift. You might be seeing that on the
You might be seeing that on the examples. So, now we know that entering
examples. So, now we know that entering from here will be a continuation.
from here will be a continuation. Another thing I want to see in between
Another thing I want to see in between this range is an imbalance. So, I want
this range is an imbalance. So, I want to identify an imbalance. In this case,
to identify an imbalance. In this case, it's a bearish range, meaning that I
it's a bearish range, meaning that I want to see a bearish imbalance. And I
want to see a bearish imbalance. And I want to see this high retracement coming
want to see this high retracement coming into the imbalance, not fill it fully,
into the imbalance, not fill it fully, and then going lower or getting very
and then going lower or getting very close to the imbalance and then going
close to the imbalance and then going lower. That is that we're going to be
lower. That is that we're going to be using. That is the high that we're going
using. That is the high that we're going to focus on. So, simply what I want to
to focus on. So, simply what I want to see is a high probability range with a
see is a high probability range with a break of structure, an imbalance, a high
break of structure, an imbalance, a high that is near it or just at the beginning
that is near it or just at the beginning of the imbalance or not filling the
of the imbalance or not filling the imbalance fully. And then I want to
imbalance fully. And then I want to ensure that I'm trading with a trend.
ensure that I'm trading with a trend. So, I want the moving average to also go
So, I want the moving average to also go lower and we're below the moving
lower and we're below the moving average, meaning that now we do have an
average, meaning that now we do have an alignment between the structure and the
alignment between the structure and the moving average. So, the moment we have
moving average. So, the moment we have all of these, we're going to be focusing
all of these, we're going to be focusing on this high and we're going to enter
on this high and we're going to enter from it using the 1-minute time frame,
from it using the 1-minute time frame, using a specific entry confirmation. Let
using a specific entry confirmation. Let me show you how. Now, this strategy is
me show you how. Now, this strategy is very simple and it only applies to the
very simple and it only applies to the 1-minute time frame. But if you want a
1-minute time frame. But if you want a universal way to trade the market,
universal way to trade the market, that's what I built in Edge School,
that's what I built in Edge School, where everything is built around the
where everything is built around the Edge model. Now, Edge model is the same
Edge model. Now, Edge model is the same model behind the 10 to 1, 15 to 1 trades
model behind the 10 to 1, 15 to 1 trades you've seen me take and share. If that's
you've seen me take and share. If that's what you're looking for, you can check
what you're looking for, you can check it out. Anyway, let's continue. Now,
it out. Anyway, let's continue. Now, this is around the 15-minute chart. What
this is around the 15-minute chart. What we need to do first is go to the
we need to do first is go to the indicators and just type EMA. Go to this
indicators and just type EMA. Go to this one and then go to the settings of this
one and then go to the settings of this indicator and change this from 9 to 50
indicator and change this from 9 to 50 and feel free to change the color as
and feel free to change the color as well. And that's all we need for the
well. And that's all we need for the setup. Now, the moment we're below the
setup. Now, the moment we're below the moving average with valid structure, we
moving average with valid structure, we can actually look for our setup. So, if
can actually look for our setup. So, if you notice here, what we have is a break
you notice here, what we have is a break of structure. So, we have a valid range.
of structure. So, we have a valid range. We're below the moving average. We're
We're below the moving average. We're even having a respect of another key
even having a respect of another key level and the moving average going
level and the moving average going lower.
lower. There is no fair value gap here, but
There is no fair value gap here, but there is one here that got partially
there is one here that got partially filled. What we're going to be doing is
filled. What we're going to be doing is marking this high, the high that filled
marking this high, the high that filled the fair value gap for the first time
the fair value gap for the first time partially. That is our specific key
partially. That is our specific key level. So, we're going to be marking
level. So, we're going to be marking this and taking it to the right. I want
this and taking it to the right. I want to see a bullish candle taking the high
to see a bullish candle taking the high and closing lower. I want to see the
and closing lower. I want to see the closure. And in this time, this candle
closure. And in this time, this candle takes the high and close lower. So, that
takes the high and close lower. So, that is our trigger candle. The entry is
is our trigger candle. The entry is going to be very simple. We're going to
going to be very simple. We're going to take a rectangle, and that is what I
take a rectangle, and that is what I call the rectangle method. I actually
call the rectangle method. I actually have a full ebook about this. You can
have a full ebook about this. You can access it for free. The link is going to
access it for free. The link is going to be in the description. We're going to
be in the description. We're going to take the rectangle, and in this case,
take the rectangle, and in this case, because it's bullish, we're going to
because it's bullish, we're going to take it from the closing price to the
take it from the closing price to the wick. And I'm going to drag this to the
wick. And I'm going to drag this to the right. So, simply taking the wick of
right. So, simply taking the wick of this and then switching to the 1-minute
this and then switching to the 1-minute time frame. The moment we close below
time frame. The moment we close below this, we can enter with a stop loss
this, we can enter with a stop loss above the rectangle, and that's it. So,
above the rectangle, and that's it. So, price goes higher. If you notice, we
price goes higher. If you notice, we still did not close below, and now we
still did not close below, and now we close below. That is going to be our
close below. That is going to be our entry. Stop loss goes above the high
entry. Stop loss goes above the high here that's created, and then targeting
here that's created, and then targeting the next level. Now, when it comes to
the next level. Now, when it comes to targeting, you could be flexible here,
targeting, you could be flexible here, but I'd say because we're with the
but I'd say because we're with the trend, we can target this low here.
trend, we can target this low here. Going back to the 15-minute, we already
Going back to the 15-minute, we already entered. It's a market order, and now
entered. It's a market order, and now playing the price action, going to the
playing the price action, going to the target. Now, if you were able to
target. Now, if you were able to identify your ranges without the moving
identify your ranges without the moving average, then yes, you can do that. Uh
average, then yes, you can do that. Uh the moving average has simplified.
the moving average has simplified. However, sometime when the market is
However, sometime when the market is ranging, it's going to be a bit
ranging, it's going to be a bit confusing. So, if you can identify that,
confusing. So, if you can identify that, so if I can say that, "Okay, you know
so if I can say that, "Okay, you know what? We're in this range that is a
what? We're in this range that is a break of structure, a break of
break of structure, a break of structure, a break of structure. We're
structure, a break of structure. We're bearish here." I'm going to be looking
bearish here." I'm going to be looking for this high to be taken and then
for this high to be taken and then entering after that, targeting the low.
entering after that, targeting the low. So, for example, I can see that we have
So, for example, I can see that we have this range pushing lower. Now, I want to
this range pushing lower. Now, I want to look for a high that is inside of an
look for a high that is inside of an imbalance. We don't have one here, but I
imbalance. We don't have one here, but I don't have a rejection. But there is one
don't have a rejection. But there is one here, for example. So, if I can say that
here, for example. So, if I can say that I know that we're pushing here and I was
I know that we're pushing here and I was not able to enter here. This is a push
not able to enter here. This is a push to the downside. We do have an
to the downside. We do have an imbalance, and this is the second touch
imbalance, and this is the second touch into the imbalance. I'm going to take my
into the imbalance. I'm going to take my rectangle. Even though this has no break
rectangle. Even though this has no break of structure, but I'm just being
of structure, but I'm just being flexible here in order to show you the
flexible here in order to show you the different ways to use this. Now, why is
different ways to use this. Now, why is this still valid? Because we're already
this still valid? Because we're already bearish here, and we went here to
bearish here, and we went here to respect the key level in here to
respect the key level in here to continue lower. So, even if this has no
continue lower. So, even if this has no break of structure, it's still with the
break of structure, it's still with the direction. So, the rectangle going to
direction. So, the rectangle going to 1-minute time frame. The moment we close
1-minute time frame. The moment we close lower, entry here after the closure
lower, entry here after the closure outside the rectangle, stop loss
outside the rectangle, stop loss slightly above the rectangle, and then
slightly above the rectangle, and then targeting the next level. In this case,
targeting the next level. In this case, it only gave about 3 to 1. Actually
it only gave about 3 to 1. Actually getting very close to the stop loss. If
getting very close to the stop loss. If you put it exactly above the stop loss,
you put it exactly above the stop loss, you might be out. 15-minute time frame.
you might be out. 15-minute time frame. Let's see what happened. Do we get there
Let's see what happened. Do we get there actually?
actually? Maybe not. Okay, it goes there and it
Maybe not. Okay, it goes there and it gave the profit. Now, you could do this
gave the profit. Now, you could do this even focusing on the specific sessions
even focusing on the specific sessions for the day. So, I'll start from 8:00
for the day. So, I'll start from 8:00 and I'll try to see the direction of the
and I'll try to see the direction of the day. So, my focus will be only from here
day. So, my focus will be only from here to here for the day. And only from here
to here for the day. And only from here to here for the day. I'm not going to
to here for the day. I'm not going to focus on anything else. So, I'm going to
focus on anything else. So, I'm going to take a look at this and I'll see. Do I
take a look at this and I'll see. Do I have an imbalance for the day? For
have an imbalance for the day? For example, here, we've been pushing higher
example, here, we've been pushing higher with a break of structure. Now, we do
with a break of structure. Now, we do have this imbalance. After a break of
have this imbalance. After a break of structure, we have the first touch. The
structure, we have the first touch. The second touch goes here and we close
second touch goes here and we close bearish still. So, this is a no. We
bearish still. So, this is a no. We close bearish. Now, simply we mark the
close bearish. Now, simply we mark the rectangle here, which is over the wick.
rectangle here, which is over the wick. The 1-minute time frame. The moment we
The 1-minute time frame. The moment we close above, that is our entry. In this
close above, that is our entry. In this case, the closure was huge. I'm not
case, the closure was huge. I'm not usually going to enter from here. Maybe
usually going to enter from here. Maybe if price retraces lower to here or maybe
if price retraces lower to here or maybe here, I would take a setup. Otherwise,
here, I would take a setup. Otherwise, I'm not involving with this. Okay, so it
I'm not involving with this. Okay, so it goes very close to that one here. Okay,
goes very close to that one here. Okay, I put it randomly, but I'm saying that
I put it randomly, but I'm saying that we want to look for a retracement. And
we want to look for a retracement. And after that, we can target a 15-minute
after that, we can target a 15-minute level. So, what it is a valid 15-minute
level. So, what it is a valid 15-minute level, I don't know, but it goes to 8 to
level, I don't know, but it goes to 8 to 1. That is a huge one. So, simply what
1. That is a huge one. So, simply what we're looking for is maybe the EMA as an
we're looking for is maybe the EMA as an optional bias, or you could use a
optional bias, or you could use a structure. So, something like this.
structure. So, something like this. Whenever I have a structure, I have an
Whenever I have a structure, I have an imbalance, I have a high near it. If we
imbalance, I have a high near it. If we take that high with a weakness into the
take that high with a weakness into the imbalance, I would say from here,
imbalance, I would say from here, targeting the next 15-minute. That's all
targeting the next 15-minute. That's all we need from this setup. The better you
we need from this setup. The better you become with identifying the levels and
become with identifying the levels and the structure, the higher the reward to
the structure, the higher the reward to risk and win rate you're going to be
risk and win rate you're going to be having. So, that's it for this video.
having. So, that's it for this video. Make sure to check out Edge School, my
Make sure to check out Edge School, my community, and my classes. And if you
community, and my classes. And if you want to trade with me, make sure to hit
want to trade with me, make sure to hit the like button and subscribe. That's
the like button and subscribe. That's it, and I'll see you next one.