Daily bias is one of the most complicated trading concept, when in
complicated trading concept, when in reality all you need is one single
reality all you need is one single candle to identify the bias, where to
candle to identify the bias, where to enter and where to target. That's what I
enter and where to target. That's what I show you in this video, as well as what
show you in this video, as well as what specific candle to use. First of all,
specific candle to use. First of all, you don't always need daily bias and
you don't always need daily bias and that is a mistake and misunderstanding
that is a mistake and misunderstanding of daily bias.
of daily bias. It is just that this word has been uh
It is just that this word has been uh repeated by a lot of people when the
repeated by a lot of people when the understanding is not there. So, here
understanding is not there. So, here we're talking about daily bias, but what
we're talking about daily bias, but what if you're using a 1-minute time frame or
if you're using a 1-minute time frame or 15-minute time frame or hourly or
15-minute time frame or hourly or 4-hour? So, if you're using the 4-hour
4-hour? So, if you're using the 4-hour time frame, you don't actually need a
time frame, you don't actually need a daily bias. It's the opposite here,
daily bias. It's the opposite here, you're trading a single 4-hour candle
you're trading a single 4-hour candle or, you know, a 4-hour structure. So,
or, you know, a 4-hour structure. So, daily bias meaning that I'm looking at
daily bias meaning that I'm looking at the bias for the day,
the bias for the day, it's not going to be the most important
it's not going to be the most important thing. And the same thing goes for the
thing. And the same thing goes for the 1-minute time frame. Maybe in the
1-minute time frame. Maybe in the middle, yes, but on the extremes, on the
middle, yes, but on the extremes, on the 4-hour and maybe above and on the
4-hour and maybe above and on the 1-minute and below, we don't need the
1-minute and below, we don't need the daily bias. It's going to be irrelevant
daily bias. It's going to be irrelevant and there is not alignment. So, what we
and there is not alignment. So, what we need to understand is that instead of
need to understand is that instead of using daily bias, we can go with bias.
using daily bias, we can go with bias. And then, if we're looking at the 4-hour
And then, if we're looking at the 4-hour time frame, we're going to be looking at
time frame, we're going to be looking at the specific bias that is aligned with
the specific bias that is aligned with the 4-hour. And the same goes for the
the 4-hour. And the same goes for the 1-minute time frame. So, for the
1-minute time frame. So, for the 1-minute time frame as an example, I'm
1-minute time frame as an example, I'm going to be using the 15-minute bias
going to be using the 15-minute bias or maybe the hourly. We could be
or maybe the hourly. We could be flexible here a bit. Now, if your entry
flexible here a bit. Now, if your entry is on the 15-minute time frame, you
is on the 15-minute time frame, you would want to look for the bias of the
would want to look for the bias of the 4-hour time frame. And that's how it
4-hour time frame. And that's how it goes. For the hourly, you'll be using
goes. For the hourly, you'll be using the daily bias here. So, if you're using
the daily bias here. So, if you're using the hourly, maybe the 15-minute, you
the hourly, maybe the 15-minute, you could be flexible here, but these are
could be flexible here, but these are the time frames I recommend. The hourly,
the time frames I recommend. The hourly, now you need the daily bias. But, would
now you need the daily bias. But, would the daily bias work with the 4-hour time
the daily bias work with the 4-hour time frame? If you're entering on the 4-hour
frame? If you're entering on the 4-hour time frame, it's not going to work. So,
time frame, it's not going to work. So, here you need to be dealing with the
here you need to be dealing with the weekly bias to enter based on the 4-hour
weekly bias to enter based on the 4-hour time frame. And here, it's all about the
time frame. And here, it's all about the alignment and you need to understand the
alignment and you need to understand the frequency of the trades. So, as we take
frequency of the trades. So, as we take the misconception and misunderstanding
the misconception and misunderstanding about bias to the side, all we need now
about bias to the side, all we need now is one candle and this could be in
is one candle and this could be in different time frames. But, this one
different time frames. But, this one candle will give us the bias, the entry,
candle will give us the bias, the entry, or at least where to enter and where to
or at least where to enter and where to target it. So, the concept that we'll be
target it. So, the concept that we'll be using here is CCT or candle continuity
using here is CCT or candle continuity theory. I've been talking about this
theory. I've been talking about this concept for years now and you can go to
concept for years now and you can go to my oldest videos and you'll see that.
my oldest videos and you'll see that. So, what is CCT? In simple terms, CCT is
So, what is CCT? In simple terms, CCT is trading the next candle based on the
trading the next candle based on the previous one. When I have two candles as
previous one. When I have two candles as my framework, I'll be using the current
my framework, I'll be using the current one or the one that I have for now in
one or the one that I have for now in order to trade the next one. Or, you
order to trade the next one. Or, you could actually look at this also in
could actually look at this also in another way, which is how the new candle
another way, which is how the new candle opens in relation to the prior one. Why?
opens in relation to the prior one. Why? Because the opening will tell us if
Because the opening will tell us if we're having a continuation or reversal,
we're having a continuation or reversal, if we're going to be going bullish or
if we're going to be going bullish or bearish. It's all based on how the
bearish. It's all based on how the candle open. Now, just to be clear,
candle open. Now, just to be clear, there is a full CCT course on its core
there is a full CCT course on its core on my community and classes that works
on my community and classes that works actually with the edge model. So, for
actually with the edge model. So, for more details on how to put it together,
more details on how to put it together, feel free to check out the CCT course.
feel free to check out the CCT course. And the CCT types, meaning that we'll be
And the CCT types, meaning that we'll be having two main types. The first one is
having two main types. The first one is continuation. It's when we are going in
continuation. It's when we are going in the same direction and how is that
the same direction and how is that exactly happening? We have a bullish
exactly happening? We have a bullish candle here where the high is here and
candle here where the high is here and the open is here. What happened is we go
the open is here. What happened is we go below the open price and we push higher
below the open price and we push higher breaking above the high of the previous
breaking above the high of the previous candle. And what happened after? Now,
candle. And what happened after? Now, this is a bullish candle. Same thing, we
this is a bullish candle. Same thing, we have the high here where we first open
have the high here where we first open lower and then we break above the high.
lower and then we break above the high. That is a continuation type and we'll
That is a continuation type and we'll know exactly what is happening inside of
know exactly what is happening inside of each candle, even on the lower time
each candle, even on the lower time frame. Now, the other type is reversal
frame. Now, the other type is reversal and this simply happens when we have
and this simply happens when we have bullish candle, but then instead of
bullish candle, but then instead of continuing bullish same as here, what we
continuing bullish same as here, what we have is a flip or a reversal or a change
have is a flip or a reversal or a change of the direction. So, notice how here
of the direction. So, notice how here what we have is strength, meaning that
what we have is strength, meaning that we're closing above previous candles.
we're closing above previous candles. And we focus a lot here on the concept
And we focus a lot here on the concept of strength and weakness. But here, we
of strength and weakness. But here, we do have weakness. We have failing to
do have weakness. We have failing to close above. And you don't need to trade
close above. And you don't need to trade this candle only, but you can trade this
this candle only, but you can trade this one. Okay? Now, what happened here is we
one. Okay? Now, what happened here is we start going higher first, but then
start going higher first, but then failing to continue higher and having a
failing to continue higher and having a lot of weakness here, maybe into a key
lot of weakness here, maybe into a key level or any condition. It could happen
level or any condition. It could happen in different conditions, but the main
in different conditions, but the main thing is that we start going higher
thing is that we start going higher first and then failing to close lower.
first and then failing to close lower. Most likely, we're not starting lower
Most likely, we're not starting lower first to go higher. No, we're doing the
first to go higher. No, we're doing the opposite. Now, even though both are high
opposite. Now, even though both are high probability continuation and reversal,
probability continuation and reversal, but each one needs to be traded in its
but each one needs to be traded in its own way. But for this video, we'll focus
own way. But for this video, we'll focus more on continuation. For the reversal,
more on continuation. For the reversal, it needs to be traded in a different
it needs to be traded in a different way, and maybe that's for another video
way, and maybe that's for another video or it's there in the CCT course. So, how
or it's there in the CCT course. So, how do we trade that? First of all, we have
do we trade that? First of all, we have this candle. This could be on any
this candle. This could be on any timeframe. This could be on the daily,
timeframe. This could be on the daily, on the weekly, on the 4-hour, on the
on the weekly, on the 4-hour, on the 15-minute, whatever. The moment we have
15-minute, whatever. The moment we have this, and I'll show you which candle to
this, and I'll show you which candle to actually use because we do have a lot of
actually use because we do have a lot of candles. So, why am I choosing this one?
candles. So, why am I choosing this one? We'll know that. But the first thing we
We'll know that. But the first thing we want to do is, first of all, look at the
want to do is, first of all, look at the low of the candle, but what's more
low of the candle, but what's more important is the high of the candle and
important is the high of the candle and the most important one is the opening of
the most important one is the opening of the next candle. So, simply the closing
the next candle. So, simply the closing price of this, which goes here, this is
price of this, which goes here, this is where the candle closes, it's the
where the candle closes, it's the opening of the next candle. So, the next
opening of the next candle. So, the next candle almost likely, if there is no
candle almost likely, if there is no gap, is going to open here. How does
gap, is going to open here. How does this look on the lower timeframe? It's
this look on the lower timeframe? It's something like this. But we have the
something like this. But we have the opening here, maybe going lower first,
opening here, maybe going lower first, creating the low, going higher, and we
creating the low, going higher, and we have some structure that is inside of
have some structure that is inside of the candle, reaching the high of the
the candle, reaching the high of the candle here, and then closure below.
candle here, and then closure below. Now, what do we want to do is based on
Now, what do we want to do is based on this candle, we want to trade the next
this candle, we want to trade the next one. And if this is a higher probability
one. And if this is a higher probability candle, which we're going to be
candle, which we're going to be discussing later, then what I'm looking
discussing later, then what I'm looking for is something that is specific. Is
for is something that is specific. Is that price needs to go below in order to
that price needs to go below in order to buy. And that's how this looks. Price
buy. And that's how this looks. Price first goes lower, and then start going
first goes lower, and then start going higher, and I'm trading candle two based
higher, and I'm trading candle two based on candle one's. If this is a bullish
on candle one's. If this is a bullish one, we need to see a retracement first.
one, we need to see a retracement first. So, price started go lower first, you're
So, price started go lower first, you're just going into a key level, or give me
just going into a key level, or give me any type of confirmation that I can
any type of confirmation that I can enter from. Now, after this, I'll be
enter from. Now, after this, I'll be looking for the continuation, so I could
looking for the continuation, so I could enter here, maybe here, and then look
enter here, maybe here, and then look for the continuation to the upside,
for the continuation to the upside, trading this candle. So, the entry comes
trading this candle. So, the entry comes at the creation of this week. You're
at the creation of this week. You're already in when this expansion happen.
already in when this expansion happen. So, higher time frame is going to give
So, higher time frame is going to give us the candle bias, the opening price,
us the candle bias, the opening price, and the entry zone or range. But, the
and the entry zone or range. But, the lower time frame is going to give us the
lower time frame is going to give us the structure, the key levels, and the
structure, the key levels, and the confirmation. The moment you align these
confirmation. The moment you align these two, you have a valid trade. So, the
two, you have a valid trade. So, the time frames that you need to use. If
time frames that you need to use. If you're using the higher time frame
you're using the higher time frame candles on the weekly, then you want to
candles on the weekly, then you want to look for the confirmation and the
look for the confirmation and the structure and the key levels on the
structure and the key levels on the 4-hour, daily goes with the 1-hour,
4-hour, daily goes with the 1-hour, 4-hour and 15-minute, and then hourly
4-hour and 15-minute, and then hourly 15-minute with the 5-minute and
15-minute with the 5-minute and 1-minute. You could be using this for
1-minute. You could be using this for day swing trading. These are more for
day swing trading. These are more for day trading, and the last one is for
day trading, and the last one is for scalping. Now, this is the three-step
scalping. Now, this is the three-step framework in order to identify a valid
framework in order to identify a valid trade. The first one is identify a high
trade. The first one is identify a high probability candle, and that's what
probability candle, and that's what we're going to be covering on the next
we're going to be covering on the next slide. And then, we wait for a
slide. And then, we wait for a retracement below or above the opening
retracement below or above the opening price into a key level. Meaning that if
price into a key level. Meaning that if I'm bullish, I want to see price
I'm bullish, I want to see price retracing below the opening price. If
retracing below the opening price. If we're bearish, it's going to be above
we're bearish, it's going to be above the opening price. And then, the entry
the opening price. And then, the entry and trade management, and everyone is
and trade management, and everyone is going to have his own entry and trade
going to have his own entry and trade management. Because what matters the
management. Because what matters the most when it comes to the daily bias is
most when it comes to the daily bias is this, and then whatever trading plan or
this, and then whatever trading plan or strategy you're using, you could blend
strategy you're using, you could blend it here when it comes to the entry and
it here when it comes to the entry and trade management. Now, a high
trade management. Now, a high probability candle, and that's what it
probability candle, and that's what it matters here. We need to understand not
matters here. We need to understand not every candle is a valid one to trade.
every candle is a valid one to trade. So, a high probability candle could be
So, a high probability candle could be one that reacted off a key level,
one that reacted off a key level, weakness or strength, or momentum. And
weakness or strength, or momentum. And momentum goes the same with strength.
momentum goes the same with strength. So, the first thing we notice here, this
So, the first thing we notice here, this is the AUD/USD on the 4-hour time frame.
is the AUD/USD on the 4-hour time frame. CCT works a lot here, if you notice. As
CCT works a lot here, if you notice. As we're going lower,
we're going lower, and then we start going higher. What
and then we start going higher. What happens is we close bullish, and then
happens is we close bullish, and then continuation here. And then the moment
continuation here. And then the moment we have a retracement momentum candle,
we have a retracement momentum candle, we can look for an entry here. Not every
we can look for an entry here. Not every time price is going to give us an entry,
time price is going to give us an entry, but then we have a continuation here.
but then we have a continuation here. Continuation. And after this range, this
Continuation. And after this range, this range to the upside, what happened is
range to the upside, what happened is going lower, we have a closure to the
going lower, we have a closure to the upside, and then a bit of a
upside, and then a bit of a continuation. And notice what happened
continuation. And notice what happened after.
after. Is price going lower, going higher? So,
Is price going lower, going higher? So, a break of structure here, and then this
a break of structure here, and then this candle give us a continuation.
candle give us a continuation. And this is a high probability candle.
And this is a high probability candle. Now, again, what happened is price going
Now, again, what happened is price going lower, but closing bearish, bearish,
lower, but closing bearish, bearish, bearish. And I know that based on the
bearish. And I know that based on the structure,
structure, we're bullish here. And again, I need to
we're bullish here. And again, I need to make something clear that this is only
make something clear that this is only one way of finding the bias. I do have
one way of finding the bias. I do have some videos going over finding or
some videos going over finding or identifying daily bias using structure,
identifying daily bias using structure, using candles, using moving average, a
using candles, using moving average, a lot of ways. But for this one, we're
lot of ways. But for this one, we're applying the CCT, the candle continuity
applying the CCT, the candle continuity theory, the one candle rule. We also
theory, the one candle rule. We also need to align and use structure with it.
need to align and use structure with it. So, if I can know that this is a break
So, if I can know that this is a break of structure to the upside, this is
of structure to the upside, this is weakness. We're going to be discussing
weakness. We're going to be discussing this. I know that here,
this. I know that here, if I zoom in, what happened is price
if I zoom in, what happened is price going lower, closing bullish, meaning
going lower, closing bullish, meaning that this is a closure of a bullish
that this is a closure of a bullish candle, aligned with structure, coming
candle, aligned with structure, coming out of a key level, having some
out of a key level, having some weakness, meaning that I could be
weakness, meaning that I could be looking for below the opening price
looking for below the opening price for a continuation. Buying from here,
for a continuation. Buying from here, looking for this push to the upside.
looking for this push to the upside. Same thing, a momentum candle. Is it a
Same thing, a momentum candle. Is it a high probability one? Maybe. We look for
high probability one? Maybe. We look for buying below the opening price, going
buying below the opening price, going higher. Take a look at here. What
higher. Take a look at here. What happened is we started to go higher. We
happened is we started to go higher. We had a lot of bullish candles going
had a lot of bullish candles going higher and you could be always buying
higher and you could be always buying below the opening price, buying below
below the opening price, buying below the opening price. Not every time price
the opening price. Not every time price is going to give you a retracement. What
is going to give you a retracement. What I love to do is always look for the, you
I love to do is always look for the, you know, when I'm going lower and I know
know, when I'm going lower and I know that we're starting to go bullish,
that we're starting to go bullish, I really prefer to enter at the
I really prefer to enter at the beginning of the range or at the
beginning of the range or at the beginning of the move, but you need to
beginning of the move, but you need to have experience for this. And then I'm
have experience for this. And then I'm trading all the way until here, but I'm
trading all the way until here, but I'm only entering one trade here, catching
only entering one trade here, catching this big move instead of entering in the
this big move instead of entering in the middle and catching this. But feel free
middle and catching this. But feel free to do whatever you like. You notice how
to do whatever you like. You notice how we're bullish, so the structure is
we're bullish, so the structure is bullish. We have this low and we start
bullish. We have this low and we start to see some weakness. So we failed to
to see some weakness. So we failed to close below and if you know, we
close below and if you know, we understand the concept of strength and
understand the concept of strength and weakness,
weakness, failing to close, that is weakness,
failing to close, that is weakness, meaning that we could be having a
meaning that we could be having a reversal. What I want to see is a
reversal. What I want to see is a bullish candle. If I see a bullish
bullish candle. If I see a bullish candle, and that bullish candle should
candle, and that bullish candle should not do this. I want it to be here in
not do this. I want it to be here in order to at least target maybe this high
order to at least target maybe this high or this level. Then in the price action,
or this level. Then in the price action, you'll notice that here we have a
you'll notice that here we have a bullish candle. Mark the opening price
bullish candle. Mark the opening price and then the high. Go to the 15 minute.
and then the high. Go to the 15 minute. And there are a lot of different ways to
And there are a lot of different ways to do this. So notice how this is the
do this. So notice how this is the opening price. This is the high, meaning
opening price. This is the high, meaning that I want to see price going down
that I want to see price going down first into somewhere and then buying.
first into somewhere and then buying. Now you could be using a lot of
Now you could be using a lot of different methods here. So what I could
different methods here. So what I could do is have an entry based on a fair
do is have an entry based on a fair value gap, have an entry based on a
value gap, have an entry based on a inverse fair value gap, have an entry
inverse fair value gap, have an entry based on a engulfing or just bullish
based on a engulfing or just bullish candle in this case. Or I could look for
candle in this case. Or I could look for a break of structure on this direction
a break of structure on this direction to the upside. These are some examples
to the upside. These are some examples of what we can look for in in here. Now,
of what we can look for in in here. Now, it started going lower and we have price
it started going lower and we have price filling a key level and then closing uh
filling a key level and then closing uh bullish candle, okay? Now, what I prefer
bullish candle, okay? Now, what I prefer to see in every trade is that I want to
to see in every trade is that I want to see whenever we start going lower, I
see whenever we start going lower, I want to see price having either
want to see price having either weakness, so failing to close
weakness, so failing to close and then continuing higher, okay?
and then continuing higher, okay? Or, a break of structure or just a
Or, a break of structure or just a single candle that convinced me after
single candle that convinced me after the weakness. So, now I can I'm not
the weakness. So, now I can I'm not convinced of this, even the timing is
convinced of this, even the timing is not the best. I'll not be entering uh on
not the best. I'll not be entering uh on this into maybe this key level or this
this into maybe this key level or this key level here. That's what I see. Price
key level here. That's what I see. Price is coming into here, having some
is coming into here, having some weakness, closing higher. I could be
weakness, closing higher. I could be simply entering this on this, maybe
simply entering this on this, maybe covering the level here, something like
covering the level here, something like this. Going to the 4-hour time frame.
this. Going to the 4-hour time frame. What we notice is that we had this
What we notice is that we had this pushed to the outside. If we go back to
pushed to the outside. If we go back to the 4-hour, I could first look for this
the 4-hour, I could first look for this imbalance to be filled, okay? That is
imbalance to be filled, okay? That is around 2.5 and then looking for this
around 2.5 and then looking for this high to be taken, but before that
high to be taken, but before that looking for this key level to be
looking for this key level to be disrespected first in order to extend my
disrespected first in order to extend my take profit to here. So, that's the
take profit to here. So, that's the alignment. Now, going back to the
alignment. Now, going back to the 15-minute time frame and all that I want
15-minute time frame and all that I want to see is the alignment going higher.
to see is the alignment going higher. So, we start going lower first into the
So, we start going lower first into the level that I was looking at exactly and
level that I was looking at exactly and then price just pushed higher. Now,
then price just pushed higher. Now, going back to the 4-hour and I want to
going back to the 4-hour and I want to show you something that first of all,
show you something that first of all, not every candle is going to be
not every candle is going to be tradeable, okay? Playing the price
tradeable, okay? Playing the price action, we notice here that we start
action, we notice here that we start going lower, going lower here, it did
going lower, going lower here, it did not give any entry, but now we can see
not give any entry, but now we can see that we have a change in the direction.
that we have a change in the direction. So, notice how we're moving higher. Now,
So, notice how we're moving higher. Now, we do have a break of structure to the
we do have a break of structure to the downside and then creating a low here.
downside and then creating a low here. Playing the price action, notice how
Playing the price action, notice how we're starting to go higher and higher,
we're starting to go higher and higher, but into where? Into this range. This is
but into where? Into this range. This is a high probability range and I want to
a high probability range and I want to see a continuation to the downside from
see a continuation to the downside from it, at least breaking this low. Notice
it, at least breaking this low. Notice how we're still closing bullish and now
how we're still closing bullish and now we close bearish. Is this a good candle?
we close bearish. Is this a good candle? Yes, we had a lot of weakness here, so
Yes, we had a lot of weakness here, so weakness
weakness and weakness into an imbalance with the
and weakness into an imbalance with the structure. So, this is a high
structure. So, this is a high probability candle. All what I want to
probability candle. All what I want to do now, have an entry based on this
do now, have an entry based on this candle into this high and maybe just the
candle into this high and maybe just the 50% of the range. 50% of the range is
50% of the range. 50% of the range is here, I could take this as my first
here, I could take this as my first target. If you notice, we're going
target. If you notice, we're going lower, that's the opening price. What I
lower, that's the opening price. What I want to see is price to go higher in
want to see is price to go higher in order to continue lower. And I know that
order to continue lower. And I know that this retracement is nothing but an entry
this retracement is nothing but an entry opportunity to me to continue in the
opportunity to me to continue in the same direction. That is what CCT is all
same direction. That is what CCT is all about. It's looking for the continuation
about. It's looking for the continuation or even the reversal of that previous
or even the reversal of that previous candle. Because now I know that this is
candle. Because now I know that this is a continuation, I'll be looking for the
a continuation, I'll be looking for the continuation. If it was a reversal, I'd
continuation. If it was a reversal, I'd be more leaning toward reversals. A
be more leaning toward reversals. A reversal actually gives a huge reward to
reversal actually gives a huge reward to risk. We're going lower, okay, and now
risk. We're going lower, okay, and now we go higher, but now we have some
we go higher, but now we have some weakness. So, you notice this bullish
weakness. So, you notice this bullish candle had some weakness here. We now
candle had some weakness here. We now have a bearish candle. So, this is a
have a bearish candle. So, this is a bearish candle and a lot of time for me
bearish candle and a lot of time for me it's enough. You could be having an
it's enough. You could be having an entry from here. Stop loss about this.
entry from here. Stop loss about this. As we said, 50% of the range was maybe
As we said, 50% of the range was maybe somewhere around here. That is already
somewhere around here. That is already huge when it comes to the reward to
huge when it comes to the reward to risk. If you're not entering based on
risk. If you're not entering based on this, but you go lower, that is a break
this, but you go lower, that is a break of structure, you could look for the
of structure, you could look for the continuation here. That is another
continuation here. That is another method. Now, playing the price action,
method. Now, playing the price action, notice how we do have a break of
notice how we do have a break of structure, you could look for, you know,
structure, you could look for, you know, place a limit order somewhere in here
place a limit order somewhere in here and that's where price actually
and that's where price actually came back to. And now, notice what
came back to. And now, notice what happened.
happened. We shall go lower, I'd be close to that,
We shall go lower, I'd be close to that, going lower. And now, if we look at the
going lower. And now, if we look at the 4-hour time frame, this was
4-hour time frame, this was continuation, You could have another
continuation, You could have another continuation here because you know that
continuation here because you know that you're trading with a structure. So, now
you're trading with a structure. So, now you could
you could enter another continuation based on
enter another continuation based on this. So, now this is the opening price.
this. So, now this is the opening price. This is where
This is where uh the candle close. Price goes higher
uh the candle close. Price goes higher and then go a lower. We could enter. So,
and then go a lower. We could enter. So, price goes higher, higher, and then
price goes higher, higher, and then lower. Now, not every time this is going
lower. Now, not every time this is going to be valid, but if this candle is a
to be valid, but if this candle is a high probability one and is reacting off
high probability one and is reacting off your key level, you could be entering
your key level, you could be entering based on this.
based on this. For me and based on some key levels that
For me and based on some key levels that we use in It's Cool, okay? This here,
we use in It's Cool, okay? This here, this is reacting off a key level.
this is reacting off a key level. Shorting here.
Shorting here. Stop loss above this. And we're also
Stop loss above this. And we're also aligned with a continuation framework.
aligned with a continuation framework. We could be first targeting this low
We could be first targeting this low and then continuing all the way down
and then continuing all the way down here.
here. Playing the price action.
Playing the price action. Huge one going lower.
Huge one going lower. That is what CCT is all about. Now, I
That is what CCT is all about. Now, I could look for this another time.
could look for this another time. Another candle here. I could have
Another candle here. I could have another CCT here.
another CCT here. And have an entry when it's valid. Now,
And have an entry when it's valid. Now, this is a bullish candle. Would I trade
this is a bullish candle. Would I trade this one? Not really because I know that
this one? Not really because I know that my structure is not aligned and this is
my structure is not aligned and this is not a high probability candle. And then
not a high probability candle. And then you see, it flips lower back into this
you see, it flips lower back into this level and going lower. And finally, we
level and going lower. And finally, we hit the take profit. This is a huge 12
hit the take profit. This is a huge 12 to 1. And that's how you trade CCT.
to 1. And that's how you trade CCT. That's how you find your bias. Now, you
That's how you find your bias. Now, you could do this on the daily. Bearish
could do this on the daily. Bearish candle going lower. Bullish candle
candle going lower. Bullish candle continuing higher. And based on the
continuing higher. And based on the structure, going lower, closing higher,
structure, going lower, closing higher, meaning continuation to the upside.
meaning continuation to the upside. That's it for today's video. Thank you
That's it for today's video. Thank you for watching. Feel free to check out
for watching. Feel free to check out It's Cool if you want to have access to
It's Cool if you want to have access to the CCT course, the full course, and the
the CCT course, the full course, and the Ichimoku and how to blend them together.
Ichimoku and how to blend them together. If that's something that you're
If that's something that you're interested in, hit the like button and
interested in, hit the like button and subscribe to the channel. That's it and
subscribe to the channel. That's it and I'll see you next one.