After 8 years of trading, there's almost no strategy that works without these two
no strategy that works without these two essential concepts, including your own
essential concepts, including your own setup. And once you understand them, you
setup. And once you understand them, you can actually make your own trading plan,
can actually make your own trading plan, and that's what I'll show you at the end
and that's what I'll show you at the end of this video. So, let's start. Now, the
of this video. So, let's start. Now, the first question you might have is why
first question you might have is why these two? And the reason is very
these two? And the reason is very simple, and it might shock you. And it
simple, and it might shock you. And it is that every strategy you know is
is that every strategy you know is actually based on them, but you don't
actually based on them, but you don't usually see it, or maybe they don't show
usually see it, or maybe they don't show you. They make you think that there is
you. They make you think that there is some secret behind it. But the reality
some secret behind it. But the reality is these two concepts. Now, before we go
is these two concepts. Now, before we go into the first concept, I want you to,
into the first concept, I want you to, and this is a task for you, so take it
and this is a task for you, so take it seriously, pick one to two key levels,
seriously, pick one to two key levels, and these are going to be used for the
and these are going to be used for the trading plan at the end of the video.
trading plan at the end of the video. So, we'll be having a full trading plan
So, we'll be having a full trading plan based on the two concepts, and then the
based on the two concepts, and then the key level that you will be picking from
key level that you will be picking from here, so you could apply it to yourself,
here, so you could apply it to yourself, or I'll be picking some levels here. You
or I'll be picking some levels here. You would know which ones. Now, you could go
would know which ones. Now, you could go with an imbalance, an order blocks,
with an imbalance, an order blocks, support or resistance. Most of these,
support or resistance. Most of these, you know, they work the same. You could
you know, they work the same. You could also do volume profiles, and even things
also do volume profiles, and even things like engulfing candles, as simple as
like engulfing candles, as simple as this. Actually, anything. Now, the first
this. Actually, anything. Now, the first thing is market structure, and it comes
thing is market structure, and it comes in different shapes and different
in different shapes and different formations. There only two things that
formations. There only two things that we need to understand about market
we need to understand about market structure. And the first thing is
structure. And the first thing is continuation. And when I say
continuation. And when I say continuation, that means we need to see
continuation, that means we need to see strength, and we need to see break of
strength, and we need to see break of structure. Continuation means that if
structure. Continuation means that if price is going higher, I want to see it
price is going higher, I want to see it continuing higher. And as simple as
continuing higher. And as simple as this, if we can see that we do take this
this, if we can see that we do take this low, and then we actually close below it
low, and then we actually close below it aggressively, and then we go higher, we
aggressively, and then we go higher, we retrace higher, and we have strong
retrace higher, and we have strong bodies closing below, that is a
bodies closing below, that is a continuation. So, what we expect after
continuation. So, what we expect after is a replacement, and then continuation,
is a replacement, and then continuation, another strength. That is what
another strength. That is what continuation and break of structure is.
continuation and break of structure is. The opposite of break of structure is a
The opposite of break of structure is a reversal, and it's some market structure
reversal, and it's some market structure shift, or weakness. Now, strength is
shift, or weakness. Now, strength is closing aggressively. Weakness is
closing aggressively. Weakness is failing to close, or maybe closing one
failing to close, or maybe closing one candle and then reversing. And imagine
candle and then reversing. And imagine that we're going lower, we're going
that we're going lower, we're going lower, but at some point we might be
lower, but at some point we might be reversing. And the weakness starts here.
reversing. And the weakness starts here. That is what a market structure shift
That is what a market structure shift is. So, take a look at this. We have the
is. So, take a look at this. We have the break of structure continuing lower, and
break of structure continuing lower, and then we create a low, we go higher. Now,
then we create a low, we go higher. Now, what are we expecting is another break
what are we expecting is another break of structure for continuation. What
of structure for continuation. What happened though is failing to close
happened though is failing to close below. And I've actually talked a lot
below. And I've actually talked a lot about this here as the first sign of
about this here as the first sign of reversal. But notice what happened
reversal. But notice what happened after. We have some weakness. And even
after. We have some weakness. And even if we close below, what happened after
if we close below, what happened after is closing above the last high that
is closing above the last high that caused this. Now, what happened here is
caused this. Now, what happened here is as we're going lower, we actually shift
as we're going lower, we actually shift the structure now going higher. So, we
the structure now going higher. So, we moved from having lower highs to now
moved from having lower highs to now going higher, and then probably creating
going higher, and then probably creating a higher high, and then a higher low
a higher high, and then a higher low here. So, now the structure is shifting
here. So, now the structure is shifting higher. Now, what are we expecting?
higher. Now, what are we expecting? Because now we do have a continuation
Because now we do have a continuation here. We're expecting another
here. We're expecting another continuation to the upside. Now, this
continuation to the upside. Now, this concept for me is one of the most
concept for me is one of the most important ones. The reason is that the
important ones. The reason is that the moment you can identify that break of
moment you can identify that break of structure or market structure shift, so
structure or market structure shift, so for example here, then I have a valid
for example here, then I have a valid range that I can trade based on. So,
range that I can trade based on. So, what this gives me is an invalidation, a
what this gives me is an invalidation, a clear one, which is the stop loss, and
clear one, which is the stop loss, and then a target, a take profit, and a key
then a target, a take profit, and a key level to enter from, which is going to
level to enter from, which is going to be in between these two points. So,
be in between these two points. So, basically, what you have is a full
basically, what you have is a full trading plan. However, this thing does
trading plan. However, this thing does not work without the second concept. One
not work without the second concept. One thing before we continue, if you want to
thing before we continue, if you want to trade like me, access my trading
trade like me, access my trading strategy that I put together after 8
strategy that I put together after 8 years of trading. I can give you a
years of trading. I can give you a higher reward to risk trade. Anyone to
higher reward to risk trade. Anyone to trade with me, check out It's Cool. The
trade with me, check out It's Cool. The link is in the description. Let's
link is in the description. Let's continue. And that's the problem most of
continue. And that's the problem most of the people have is that they teach
the people have is that they teach market structure, but without the
market structure, but without the concept tool that almost any strategy,
concept tool that almost any strategy, and not just a market structure, will
and not just a market structure, will not work without it. So, I'll show you
not work without it. So, I'll show you how to blend the two, and And stay tuned
how to blend the two, and And stay tuned at the end so I can show you the full
at the end so I can show you the full trading plan and you can actually create
trading plan and you can actually create one yourself. Now, as I said, not only
one yourself. Now, as I said, not only that that one is not going to work, the
that that one is not going to work, the market structure, but also smart money
market structure, but also smart money concepts is not going to work. Market
concepts is not going to work. Market structure itself is not going to work.
structure itself is not going to work. Chart patterns is not going to work.
Chart patterns is not going to work. Fibonacci and all of the different
Fibonacci and all of the different strategies that you're using without
strategies that you're using without this one concept is not going to work.
this one concept is not going to work. And even if you just stay for this one,
And even if you just stay for this one, understand it and apply it to your own
understand it and apply it to your own setup, you actually learn something from
setup, you actually learn something from this video. So, what is it? It's time
this video. So, what is it? It's time for an alignment or top-down analysis.
for an alignment or top-down analysis. And it's basically you're analyzing the
And it's basically you're analyzing the chart based on multiple time frames.
chart based on multiple time frames. This could be three time frames, it
This could be three time frames, it could be two time frames, depending on
could be two time frames, depending on your trading style. And I'll show you
your trading style. And I'll show you both of them. So, simply, what we're
both of them. So, simply, what we're trying to do is take a look at the big
trying to do is take a look at the big picture and trade based on the small
picture and trade based on the small picture or do the opposite. Based on the
picture or do the opposite. Based on the small picture, I will look at the big
small picture, I will look at the big picture in order to validate the small
picture in order to validate the small picture. And for me, this is one of the
picture. And for me, this is one of the most important concepts ever. The moment
most important concepts ever. The moment you apply this, you have an automatic
you apply this, you have an automatic bias, a higher reward-to-risk simply.
bias, a higher reward-to-risk simply. You could go from two to one to five to
You could go from two to one to five to one just by applying this simple
one just by applying this simple concept. Now, you already know the key
concept. Now, you already know the key level that you picked, even if you
level that you picked, even if you trade, for example, anything, order
trade, for example, anything, order block, fair value gaps, anything. You
block, fair value gaps, anything. You will remember that one and you need to
will remember that one and you need to also remember the type of trading that
also remember the type of trading that you want to focus on. So, are you more
you want to focus on. So, are you more of a swing trader? Are you more of a day
of a swing trader? Are you more of a day trading or scalping? You want to pick
trading or scalping? You want to pick one of these combination of time frames
one of these combination of time frames based on the trading style that you
based on the trading style that you prefer. So, for example, we could do a
prefer. So, for example, we could do a higher time frame of 4-hour with 15
higher time frame of 4-hour with 15 minutes or you could do a daily with
minutes or you could do a daily with 1-hour. So, simply, a combination that
1-hour. So, simply, a combination that fits your trading style, your
fits your trading style, your availability, and the way you would like
availability, and the way you would like to trade the market. Simply, what we're
to trade the market. Simply, what we're looking for is a higher time frame key
looking for is a higher time frame key level. This could be, for example, a
level. This could be, for example, a 4-hour level. And then we're switching
4-hour level. And then we're switching to the lower time frame whenever price
to the lower time frame whenever price comes here. And I'll show you how. So,
comes here. And I'll show you how. So, this high time frame level, again, could
this high time frame level, again, could be anything, even a moving average. And
be anything, even a moving average. And then we're looking for the lower time
then we're looking for the lower time frame. The The you understand this, you
frame. The The you understand this, you already have an edge in the market. All
already have an edge in the market. All right, so whatever key level that you
right, so whatever key level that you picked at the beginning of the video, I
picked at the beginning of the video, I want you to do the same thing that I'm
want you to do the same thing that I'm doing right now, but with your own key
doing right now, but with your own key level. I'll be using the easiest key
level. I'll be using the easiest key level that I could ever use. I will not
level that I could ever use. I will not complicate it, just to prove that you
complicate it, just to prove that you can actually do this yourself. The more
can actually do this yourself. The more mastery, the more repetition you put,
mastery, the more repetition you put, the better results that you're going to
the better results that you're going to get. So, but simply, the key level is
get. So, but simply, the key level is going to be engulfing candle. So, for
going to be engulfing candle. So, for example, we do have Let's think this is
example, we do have Let's think this is a bullish candle. Then, a bullish candle
a bullish candle. Then, a bullish candle comes and engulfs the previous one. It
comes and engulfs the previous one. It could be in one or two candles. Now, one
could be in one or two candles. Now, one more thing is that you can use three
more thing is that you can use three time frames or two time frames for the
time frames or two time frames for the time frame alignment, and the difference
time frame alignment, and the difference is going to be for the three time
is going to be for the three time frames, you add one higher time frame to
frames, you add one higher time frame to the left. So, if I'm using 4-hour
the left. So, if I'm using 4-hour 15-minute, this is going to be my key
15-minute, this is going to be my key level, the 4-hour 15-minute is my
level, the 4-hour 15-minute is my confirmation, but then another thing to
confirmation, but then another thing to confirm the direction and make it even
confirm the direction and make it even better is to add a weekly. And now you
better is to add a weekly. And now you have three time frames. So, notice what
have three time frames. So, notice what happened here, and keep it as simple as
happened here, and keep it as simple as this. Notice what happened. If I can see
this. Notice what happened. If I can see that, for example, price is reacting off
that, for example, price is reacting off a weekly, you have another alignment,
a weekly, you have another alignment, but in this case, this is what I'm
but in this case, this is what I'm seeing is that we do have an engulfing
seeing is that we do have an engulfing candle, and we have some weakness at the
candle, and we have some weakness at the top, so we have weakness failing to
top, so we have weakness failing to displace, and then going lower.
displace, and then going lower. Engulfing candle, and this is the candle
Engulfing candle, and this is the candle that was engulfed. This is our key
that was engulfed. This is our key level. Some people would call it order
level. Some people would call it order block, some people would call it supply
block, some people would call it supply and demand. We'll keep it simple here,
and demand. We'll keep it simple here, so anyone can use it and as an engulfing
so anyone can use it and as an engulfing candle. Simply, go to the 15-minute time
candle. Simply, go to the 15-minute time frame. So, that simple two candles
frame. So, that simple two candles formation is actually a market structure
formation is actually a market structure shift in its own in the lower time
shift in its own in the lower time frame. So, that's one way of using the
frame. So, that's one way of using the two concepts is that at the key level, I
two concepts is that at the key level, I want to ensure that that key level
want to ensure that that key level actually initiate a market structure
actually initiate a market structure range to trade from again. Another way
range to trade from again. Another way to do it is actually just when price
to do it is actually just when price goes higher, I want to see another
goes higher, I want to see another structure of this range, and then you
structure of this range, and then you can be trading based on this lower. So
can be trading based on this lower. So playing the price action and I can see
playing the price action and I can see simply that this is a valid structure
simply that this is a valid structure already. So it could be simply looking
already. So it could be simply looking for a confirmation here. Now
for a confirmation here. Now confirmation is you could be looking for
confirmation is you could be looking for an engulfing candle or you could be
an engulfing candle or you could be looking for an alignment. So for this
looking for an alignment. So for this one just a simple candle aligning with a
one just a simple candle aligning with a key level that is could be an entry for
key level that is could be an entry for me. Okay, and targeting maybe 2:1, 3:1.
me. Okay, and targeting maybe 2:1, 3:1. So randomly taking this, playing the
So randomly taking this, playing the price action, not actually a valid
price action, not actually a valid structure. But price pushing lower you
structure. But price pushing lower you could be looking for the continuation
could be looking for the continuation from this range as well again. And then
from this range as well again. And then notice how again we have another one. So
notice how again we have another one. So now this is a valid structure happening
now this is a valid structure happening off here. So could be looking for the
off here. So could be looking for the continuation because this is coming off
continuation because this is coming off a valid key level. However, switching to
a valid key level. However, switching to the lower time frame. Now price is going
the lower time frame. Now price is going down to the target, but one thing that
down to the target, but one thing that we notice happening is that we actually
we notice happening is that we actually have another engulfing candle. So notice
have another engulfing candle. So notice how this is a retracement to the upside,
how this is a retracement to the upside, engulfing candle marking this as my
engulfing candle marking this as my engulfing and then we could also look
engulfing and then we could also look for the confirmation of here. And making
for the confirmation of here. And making sure that this actually have a valid
sure that this actually have a valid structure, which we already saw here, is
structure, which we already saw here, is that yeah, this is actually a valid
that yeah, this is actually a valid structure. And you notice how price did
structure. And you notice how price did not go there yet, but getting very close
not go there yet, but getting very close to it. We could be using this as
to it. We could be using this as liquidity, which is a good concept to
liquidity, which is a good concept to understand. We're not going to be
understand. We're not going to be focusing on every higher low, but the
focusing on every higher low, but the ones that matters. So now price it gets
ones that matters. So now price it gets close to the key level that we had,
close to the key level that we had, which is the engulfing candle. We go to
which is the engulfing candle. We go to 15-minute time frame and simply the
15-minute time frame and simply the moment price goes there, we could be or
moment price goes there, we could be or you know, whenever we have an alignment,
you know, whenever we have an alignment, we could be entering. So playing the
we could be entering. So playing the price action. We notice price going
price action. We notice price going there. For me this is an alignment even
there. For me this is an alignment even though it's a bit weak. So if you want
though it's a bit weak. So if you want to enter based on this, you need to
to enter based on this, you need to cover, you know, have a bit of a bigger
cover, you know, have a bit of a bigger stop loss. So you could be doing this
stop loss. So you could be doing this just based on the alignment and then a
just based on the alignment and then a stop loss here because I think price
stop loss here because I think price could go back of there. You could be
could go back of there. You could be entering based on this engulfing candle.
entering based on this engulfing candle. So another entry that is more safe and
So another entry that is more safe and then [snorts] targeting the low again.
then [snorts] targeting the low again. In the price action, that's where price
In the price action, that's where price goes to aggressively and immediately. In
goes to aggressively and immediately. In this case, we do not have the best
this case, we do not have the best structure, but here we do have a break
structure, but here we do have a break of structure, and we're trading actually
of structure, and we're trading actually with the structure going lower. So, this
with the structure going lower. So, this setup is more safe than this, because
setup is more safe than this, because this one we only take base on a key
this one we only take base on a key level, but this one is a key level on
level, but this one is a key level on the higher time frame, and also
the higher time frame, and also structure on the higher time frame and
structure on the higher time frame and the lower time frame. Now, if you're
the lower time frame. Now, if you're using three time frames, then it's going
using three time frames, then it's going to be a bit different, because now
to be a bit different, because now you'll be using the key level on the
you'll be using the key level on the higher time frame, and then you want to
higher time frame, and then you want to look for a structure created off that
look for a structure created off that key level, and this is the structure
key level, and this is the structure that you'll be looking for and to trade
that you'll be looking for and to trade a continuation from. Not every
a continuation from. Not every structure, because sometime I'll be
structure, because sometime I'll be seeing a break of structure, but then
seeing a break of structure, but then there's not going to be a continuation
there's not going to be a continuation from it. What's the reason? This one
from it. What's the reason? This one here might not be happening off a key
here might not be happening off a key level, for example, on the higher time
level, for example, on the higher time frame. But this one might be happening
frame. But this one might be happening off a higher time frame, and that's why
off a higher time frame, and that's why we had a continuation lower. I can see
we had a continuation lower. I can see that we do have a break of structure
that we do have a break of structure happening here, but then it did not
happening here, but then it did not work. But then, we do have kind of a
work. But then, we do have kind of a structure going lower here. Not the best
structure going lower here. Not the best one for me, but then as we go lower, we
one for me, but then as we go lower, we have another break of structure. Now,
have another break of structure. Now, this one is strong one. Now, you want to
this one is strong one. Now, you want to be looking for, and in this case, you
be looking for, and in this case, you want to see is the structure happening
want to see is the structure happening off a higher time frame key level?
off a higher time frame key level? Because if it's happening, and when I
Because if it's happening, and when I say key level, it could be anything. So,
say key level, it could be anything. So, this is a question that you'll be
this is a question that you'll be answering based on your key levels and
answering based on your key levels and based on your trading plan. So, if this
based on your trading plan. So, if this makes sense for me and it's reacting off
makes sense for me and it's reacting off a higher time frame key level, then what
a higher time frame key level, then what I'll do is look for the continuation
I'll do is look for the continuation lower, because this is a strong range
lower, because this is a strong range here. Now, for example, we go to 4-hour
here. Now, for example, we go to 4-hour time frame, and let's say you're using
time frame, and let's say you're using imbalances, and you would notice that,
imbalances, and you would notice that, okay, I'm actually having an imbalance
okay, I'm actually having an imbalance here where price action reacted from.
here where price action reacted from. So, this could be, and you could go here
So, this could be, and you could go here 15 minute or 5 minute. Now, on the 5
15 minute or 5 minute. Now, on the 5 minute there was something more specific
minute there was something more specific and to be clear, you could be sometime,
and to be clear, you could be sometime, you know, it's not like 1 hour you
you know, it's not like 1 hour you should always do the 5 minute. You could
should always do the 5 minute. You could be flexible sometime doing 15 minute and
be flexible sometime doing 15 minute and sometime even 1 minute. So, feel free to
sometime even 1 minute. So, feel free to be a bit more flexible depending on the
be a bit more flexible depending on the situations. In this case, we can see
situations. In this case, we can see that 5 minute actually give this
that 5 minute actually give this weakness and then break of structure.
weakness and then break of structure. So, you could simply look for the
So, you could simply look for the continuation of this range. The reason
continuation of this range. The reason is simply because this came off a higher
is simply because this came off a higher time frame key level. So, you could be
time frame key level. So, you could be selling from here, you know, anywhere
selling from here, you know, anywhere inside of this range. And I could be
inside of this range. And I could be also doing 15 minute and look for, for
also doing 15 minute and look for, for example, this imbalance here and then
example, this imbalance here and then you want to have a stop loss above and
you want to have a stop loss above and target somewhere in here because this is
target somewhere in here because this is a whole 4 hour range. So, we do have
a whole 4 hour range. So, we do have this
this 4 hour break of structure going lower
4 hour break of structure going lower and then we might be having another
and then we might be having another break of structure. So, this is how it
break of structure. So, this is how it goes, okay? Now, it gets you here and
goes, okay? Now, it gets you here and then notice how the four what the 4 hour
then notice how the four what the 4 hour does. Now, in this case, it does not go
does. Now, in this case, it does not go to the take profit, okay? But it gave
to the take profit, okay? But it gave around 8 to 1. So, this is still valid
around 8 to 1. So, this is still valid and notice how
and notice how basically because you're trading off a
basically because you're trading off a higher time frame key level, that
higher time frame key level, that structure on the 15 minute is valid now.
structure on the 15 minute is valid now. So, what validates the structure is
So, what validates the structure is actually the higher time frame key
actually the higher time frame key level. So, this is what we see. A lot of
level. So, this is what we see. A lot of time we see this happening, price going
time we see this happening, price going lower and then we have a break of
lower and then we have a break of structure. What will happen is a
structure. What will happen is a continuation down. And then sometime we
continuation down. And then sometime we do have this, but it's a continuation
do have this, but it's a continuation up. The main difference is that here we
up. The main difference is that here we might not have the best key level, but
might not have the best key level, but in this case here we have the best key
in this case here we have the best key level and that's where we had the real
level and that's where we had the real push to the upside and that's where the
push to the upside and that's where the real change in the market structure was
real change in the market structure was happening. So, in order to validate the
happening. So, in order to validate the structure, we use a higher time frame
structure, we use a higher time frame key level. That's how you can be, you
key level. That's how you can be, you know, using three time frames. But when
know, using three time frames. But when you're using two time frames, you could
you're using two time frames, you could be simply trading this here that had a
be simply trading this here that had a key level. So you could be simply
key level. So you could be simply looking for the structure that for you
looking for the structure that for you is valid, okay, without a key level,
is valid, okay, without a key level, without anything here, but simply a
without anything here, but simply a structure that is valid, a key level
structure that is valid, a key level that is inside of it that is also valid,
that is inside of it that is also valid, and simply you'll be looking for the
and simply you'll be looking for the confirmation just right here. So that's
confirmation just right here. So that's it for today's video, a very simple one.
it for today's video, a very simple one. If you have questions, leave them in the
If you have questions, leave them in the comments. Make sure to check out each
comments. Make sure to check out each school if you want to learn my higher
school if you want to learn my higher reward to risk trading setup, and you
reward to risk trading setup, and you want to trade with me. That's it, and
want to trade with me. That's it, and I'll see you next one. Bye-bye.